Sep 1, 2010
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review
Part 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiHnqv098LY
Part 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIYfr_9Zpwk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/22705017999
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/141344702573501
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-trek-2009-review

[Part I]
Star Trek the Star Trek was a feature film released in May of 2009, directed by JJ Abrams.
Now, you might have expected me to say it was the worst thing since my son, or something like that.
Now, that's not really the case.
But it was the worst thing since my great-granddaughter, Crystal.
See, she's a stripper at polecats in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
See, Star Trek's a quality-made film.
But it's what I call a guilty pleasure.
Which is why compared to my lovely, lovely granddaughter.
It's flashy, action-packed, well-made, well-lit, and it keeps your interest the whole time.
Your brain doesn't get a whole lot out of in terms of actual science fiction, but the effects are really good.
The cast is good, and it's a lot of fun.
Sometimes I like to have fun.
I also didn't find it quite as offensive as other big summer blockbuster movies.
Fuck you.
So you ask yourselves, "How can Mr. Plinkett, the guy that ripped the TNG films a new asshole, actually kind of like this movie?"
Well, the Devil's in the details, my lovelies.
And we're taking a trip to hell.
Who's with me?
Number one: the backstory.
so I'll start off by saying that my
favorite Star Trek film is actually Star
Trek the motion picture yeah the boring
one if you think of it in context
there's a big movie version of the
1960's TV show that it's a perfect Star
Trek film it's a movie about a giant
energy cloud that's coming towards Earth
it's on a precise heading for Earth very
slowly
Admiral Kirk comes back and uses this
opportunity to get back on board the
enterprise because that's very really
wants to be but on a more thematic level
the movies really about change the
transformation discovery and people
finding their place
Bajor was really just looking to find an
answer to the biggest question of all
why am I here
Vedra was also a sex metaphor for a
vagina and deckers desire to bang a
robot replica of a dead chick he never
got
Toodee virgin eyes there was homoerotic
tension vaginal symbolism the opening of
the beater orifice you penis envy
and a galactic orgasm I have
successfully penetrated the next chamber
of the aliens interior in fact you could
say that the whole subtext the Star Trek
the motion picture was almost entirely
about fucking now what do you suggest we
do
the new Star Trek film had a lot of
sexual elements to what it wasn't quite
as complex or subtle but most
importantly I like Star Trek the motion
picture because I can leave the house in
the middle of a scene get the brakes
fixed on my car get a haircut
go to the bank and then come home and
not miss anything
you see I liked my sci-fi slow and dull
and I liked my action fast and awesome
which is why the new Star Trek movie to
me is an action movie and for an action
movie it's a pretty darn good one if
Star Trek movies were on a gradient
chart and in the middle was bad or
mediocre green indicated quality red and
decaying bad from the center to the left
was more boring and from the center to
the right was less boring Star Trek the
motion picture will be on the left and
Star Trek the Star Trek would be on the
right the rest of the films have fallen
to these areas on the gradient chart so
now that no one is confused let's move
on it's the Star Trek the show will
always be there sing with the motion
picture but if you think they'd ever
release a film like that again to
mainstream audiences then you need to
understand how the world works
and I ain't talking about plate
tectonics now we all can whine and
complain about how they reset the
timeline and turn star trek into action
schlock but really what else is gonna
happen it was apparent that the TNG crew
is pretty much done they all look tired
and bored and the writers seem to have
forgotten that Star Trek could have some
levity to it they insisted on making one
crappy action movie after another with
the cast that was not suited for action
movies at all the movies lacked
imagination adventure excitement and
basically in just four films the TNG
franchise was rushed into a coffin along
with the rest of Star Trek poor Jean
so much for your peaceful vision of the
future idiot people don't walk that crap
no more people want shooting for now
what well were they gonna make a Deep
Space nine movie or Voyager Enterprise
after the show got fucking canceled
seriously now while there are a lot of
Star Trek fans that will go see these
movies primarily nerds they don't come
anywhere close to the number needed to
turn a profit general audiences just
wouldn't give a crap you have to admit
though that truck was really getting
stale and the new movie did feel a bit
refreshing plus it was kind of neat to
see the old enterprise again and Kirk
and Spock even if there were new dudes
playing them so after seven years of
nothing
paramount decided to resuscitate Star
Trek and he know it wasn't gonna be for
us geeks there's gonna be for the
popcorn eating dim-witted masses so they
could make a bunch of cash what Star
Trek it was exactly what it needed to be
and in that sense it was perfect let me
explain in my next section number two
yeah I'd be down with that for sure so
just how big are you I like women with a
lot of meat on their bones if you know
what I'm saying
oh well I'm sorry I accidentally typed
my instant message into the victim bar
to desperation reboots and the quick
buck now you may have seen my other
review of Star Trek
you know the review where a woman gets
raped by Star Trek in an alley a lot of
people seem to misinterpret this
metaphorical review to mean that the
producers raped Star Trek what I mean is
that the producers took Star Trek and
turned it into something that would have
its way with the audience whether we
liked it or not
and in the end some of us liked what
they did even if we didn't really want
it or need it you got to understand that
Hollywood is not a democracy Star Trek
fans can't vote on what will be the next
incarnation of Star Trek it happened it
was coming and we couldn't stop it we
had to take it even if it was up our ass
so why don't they just let the Star Trek
end
or just make a new original science
fiction film well that question has
three answers
number one marketability number two
brand recognition
number three fucking money see movies
don't have a lot of time to make their
money back
why statue ask competition in 1979 when
Star Trek the motion picture was
released there were like three channels
a TV somebody had a radio and a couple
of movies were released each week today
their radio on-demand mobile video
Netflix Netflix walks now satellite
radio digital cable HD cable blu-ray
players red box internet porno
amazon.com amazon.com watch now
amazon.com watch instantly amazon.com
watch spontaneity sleep iTunes podcasts
iPhones online web series IMAX theater
internet porno video games we Xbox
Playstation video games you play live
Facebook Facebook for mobile phone HD
flip video camera videos HD flip video
camera video web serie HD flip video
camera video interactive web series
uploaded to Facebook via iPhone for
mobile upload or a 3d movies YouTube
vloggers vlogs Hulu streaming video and
the zoo
now because there are so many sources of
entertainment does this have what I call
a blurring effect on modern pop culture
the further backwards in time you go the
sharper the memory most titles will be
to the masses and that's because there
was less crap to sort through if a movie
has a title that people recognize it'll
add a lot of financial security to that
project now while a remake is not
necessarily a new thing most people have
noticed an increasing number of them and
say the last five years
in fact over 96% of films released by
Hollywood in the last two years have
been remakes shoot you not I did not
make up that statistic in the nineties
there's a couple remakes the TV shows
for novelty sake it was just fun and
tongue-in-cheek
but not getting fucking of not
to where it's mostly everything that's
coming out now and this ain't just
limited to remake some movies it's
basically anything that the general
public might recognize from old movies
to TV shows to video games comic books
and so on in fact I'm not putting it
past Hollywood to make Snuggies the
movie you think I'm sharing you let's
take a look at some recent remakes and
movies that were made just because of
their recognizable brand name let's take
a look at these films hit the music
Johnny I said hit it Johnny
oh wait Johnny died of colorectal cancer
of the Titans Nightmare on Elm Street
Friday the 13 Get Smart Alice in
Wonderland Charlie in the Chocolate
Factory
Planet of the Apes 18 Starsky and Hutch
The Dukes of Hazzard beside and
scooby-doo bewitched Fat Albert
shaggy-dog Fantastic Four Fantastic Four
rise of the Cobra surfer GI Joe rise the
Cobra surfer Amityville Horror assault
on precinct 13 Halloween The Texas
Chainsaw Massacre Dawn of the Dead death
race Speed Racer rollerball Karate Kid
remake with the girl in it the remake of
the remake of The Karate Kid piranha My
Bloody Valentine The Wicker Man Robin
Hood the wolf man Robin Hood again
Sherlock Holmes - stepfather The Hills
Have Eyes when a stranger calls Land of
the Lost House of Wax
Ocean's eleven War of the Worlds The Day
the Earth Stood Still Curious George
psycho alvin and the chipmunks Hank
Panther The Stepford Wives I am Legend
the longest yard
Batman Superman spider-man Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles The Hulk the Hulk
remake of the reboot faint the hurt
shirt Miami Vice Charlotte's Web The
Heartbreak Kid King Kong Hair Spray The
Omen
don't forget about fraudulent sequels
made 20 years later for no reason
clerks - Basic Instinct - trying to Wall
Street - Indiana Jones for live free die
hard
x-files rocky balboa rambo universal
soldier whatever and Bambi - what the
fuck now this of course leads me right
back to Star Trek for Paramount a
property like Star Trek in the massive
impact its had on pop culture it was
like one of the last big money pots to
plunder no matter who you are or where
you live you can identify the image of
Kirk and Spock and the Starship
Enterprise classic Star Trek images are
as identifiable and well-known as like
the McDonald's logo Santa Claus Superman
and dog crap now this is the most
important thing to remember when
watching this movie Star Trek is
essentially a remake of the 1960s TV
series it's a film that specifically
exploits the iconic images and phrases
from the old TV show from
mass audience appeal it's really no
different than the 1998 remake of lost
in space in both cases you have a corny
low-budget TV series from the sixties
now done up in a fast-paced modern film
strictly for nostalgia exploitation
danger Will Robinson danger set phasers
to stun when you accept this fact you
can learn to enjoy the film more for
what it is a fun action-packed nod to
the old TV show nothing more
however the writers and producers
understood that not all of the
established Star Trek fans would
understand this so they tailor made the
film almost perfectly to what it needed
to be and a marketing sense let's break
it down oh oh oh oh I got my cat
pregnant number three Perry's
deconstructing fair I'll discuss the
thought process that the creators of
star trek must have gone through and how
they made almost every decision
correctly from a makin money perspective
so you're gonna remake Star Trek which
is something that requires just as much
deference films you can't please all the
nerds out there so you gotta get it as
close as you possibly can so what's the
first thing you do don't make it a
prequel we all know how prequels turn
out don't we what da fuck plus they
already kind of did a prequel and a
universe is complex and intricate of
Star Trek making a prequel and the films
that would follow it would most
certainly never ever be a hundred
percent accurate this would lead endless
complaining by Star Trek fans to Nimoy
yes Shatner no you do need to attempt to
bridge the new with the old but you must
do it very simply and subtly and not
completely fuck it up like generations a
lot of people were upset that was only
Nimoy in the film and there was no
William Shatner including Shenton or
himself now I like Bill he's a nice man
he's got a great Merkin but keeping
amount was a very smart decision Nimoy's
presence was necessary to link this film
to the original Star Trek and to
sure the fans that this was indeed
really Star Trek and not just some
hackneyed imitation or remake Nimoy's
also the guy with the wee bit more
credibility he's a great director he
understands Star Trek and it refused to
have anything to do with generations and
if that don't give them credibility I
don't know what we'll remember they are
remaking Star Trek not making another
Star Trek if you add Nimoy and Shatner
in the film it will cast a huge shadow
over Chris and Zachary as the new Kirk
and Spock those guys need it to shine in
the film and not get upstaged by
Shatner's presence do I need to remind
you of generations again I'd rather not
think about that anymore kind of like
the time at the Taj Mahal Casino dynasty
I had a couple too many to drink I was
playing the single mystery bonus slot
machine and left my first cat washing
the seat while I went took a crap when I
was in the bathroom I can't won a
million dollars on the slot machine and
then skipped town eventually I tracked
her down in Boca Raton Florida and then
I murdered her number three don't fuck
up the cast the accuracy of the cast the
star trek is really important
why well the biggest reason here is that
they needed to trick Star Trek fans into
believing that these people are indeed
supposed to be the younger versions of
the characters that we know and love and
that this isn't just another Hollywood
remake for quick easy money thank you
any kind of radical or creative changes
to the characters would have been
unacceptable that and the reason why not
to fuck with the characters is that
they're banking almost entirely on
nostalgia folks
damnit man I'm a doctor not a physicist
but let's analyze which demographic each
character was made to appeal to Chris
Pine appeals to female audience members
and the Sulu
simon pegg provides the comic relief as
well as brings in some sci-fi geek
credibility Harold and Kumar guy peels
to stone earth and Zoe Saldana was there
for one obvious reason she's entirely
believable as a Z know linguistics
expert sir I pick up no Romulan
transmission or transmission of any kind
of the area so now that you've got a
really great cast it's time to
hyper-charged the characters Star Trek
took the mildest character traits and
you can argue that the characters seem
more intense because they're younger and
they haven't run matured yet or you can
say it's because movie audiences are too
impatient and dumb to grasp subtle
character development well both are true
anyway let's look at Kirk Kirk is a
confident leader a bold risk-taker and
he loves the ladies
older Kirk had these traits still but
displayed them with maturity and
distinction younger Kirk like to yell
more Ron more punch more and was
distracted by women like a horny college
guy seems about right Kirk was also very
clearly the film's main character he
starts off as a directionless Punk who
gets into bar fights and by the end of
the film makes it all the way up to the
captain's chair sure it was a little
unrealistic but hey at least he had an
arc at least we understood what the fuck
was going on next to Spock what do you
do at Spock well spark appears to be a
cold and logical guy but he's got
boiling emotions underneath scenes with
Spock and Kirk would almost write
themselves
peaceful shouting his drama bark is also
half human spark can now be torn between
two worlds he would always be a child of
two words he's ripe with inner conflict
and turmoil you can even make him a
victim of racism to what disadvantage
are you referring your human mother then
throwing some kind of creepy out of his
complex and you're all set
McCoy is no longer necessary actually
because he's not needed in this new
equation at least right now but he was
she warned in this movie because he had
to be there they crammed in the thing
where I got Kirk on the ship to give him
some doctor stuff to do but it's hard to
fit in each character perfectly let's
move on to whose importance has
increased and it has nothing to do with
her character she's actually replaced
bones is the third most important
character because of sex appeal and she
was even on the poster and yes Ilia was
on the poster for Star Trek the motion
picture way back in 1979 but Ilia was
also a little more important to the plot
of that film actually she was very
important who isn't at all it wouldn't
dare just have Kirk Spock and McCoy in
the poster it'd be way too gay they'd
have to call it three guys one saucer so
let's talk about who she wasn't really
acting that special to begin with I mean
she know what she's doing but she always
struck me as just someone who was there
doing her job in the background in fact
she was only kind of competent she was
always having problems sorry I'm not
interested in your excuses lieutenant
reestablish contact with that
transmitter
since Sewer your last subspace log
container narrower in the frequencies
column
she couldn't even speak a word of
Klingon well into her 70s now all of a
sudden she's super ambitious tall crazy
sexy in some kind of super genius and
lieutenant Uhura is unmatched in Xena
linguistics we would be wise to accept
her conclusion in fact every minor
character is now a super genius
except for Sulu who's still learning how
to drive the ship this film is racist
against Chinamen now the only memorable
character trait with Sulu was that he
once got drunk and ran around with the
sword so now of course he's like a
master swordsman or something then you
got Scotty Scotty was a Scotsman who
liked to drink and he said weird and
eccentric things from time to time but
now not only is he a super genius he's
also batshit crazy you see other minor
characters in Star Trek were really just
stereotypes because Roddenberry wanted
to portray a future where everyone from
Earth worked together Roddenberry
created an unprecedented mix of culture
and race working alongside each other in
the future there was a black you
couldn't get even blacks on television
and I'd only had a black and Asian great
affection I have for Asians goddess and
a Russian we were we were appeared in
people's bedrooms in their kitchens so
they basically just hyper-charged the
mildest of character elements then the
next thing to do was to hyper-charged
everything else and away mission used to
look like this
captain's log stardate 51 but now it
looks like this
a space battle used to look like this
now it looks like this fuck walking used
to look like this now it looks like this
the film took all the elements that made
up Star Trek and put them into even the
warp drive is fast ships are bigger
phaser flights are more intense snow
dogs are bigger emotions are
hyper-charged to so many emotions you
got a woman in labor a captain dying
baby being four minutes before the
father dies drunken bar fight liing and
teasing calling mothers whores more
fighting almost falling off a cliff more
punching a newfound determination
brought on by a paternal guilt complex
defiance shouting hostility more
shouting or known a rider sadness and
loss emotional distancing guilt
awkwardness confrontation emotional
breakdowns rage violence hate torture
choking more choking even more choking
mass genocide mother dying before your
eyes
revenge insanity and then lastly
competence pride and stability I think I
need to go see a therapist after this no
not hurt number four the timeline now
couldn't do this reveal without
discussing the most controversial
element of the film the complete
eradication of the Star Trek timeline as
we knew it so does that mean that all of
Star Trek doesn't exist now well I have
an answer the answer is no one has an
answer also who cares if you ask me Star
Trek was totally ruined and what I
consider to be the worst episode of Star
Trek ever parallels in this episode Worf
passes through some kind of space thing
that makes him aware each time that the
universe fractures into other
parallel universes we discover that the
universe fractures into other universes
like every five minutes or whatever in
the end we seek thousands of enterprises
from other timelines all converging
together the fact that an incalculable
amount of use are existing in other
timelines and that you're not unique and
actually kind of disposable gosh that's
like the most shocking and devastating
thing that you could ever discover this
episode is so sloppy and lazy that it
makes me want to vomit up shit so after
seeing the schlock I'm not sure what the
big deal is with Star Trek just imagine
it like this we can all pretend that the
original timeline continued on in its
own parallel universe
and that we're just watching another
universe whatever another universe
perhaps another dimension occupying the
same space do you feel like you were
meant for something better something
special oh I guess that kind of devalues
the whole destiny thing oh wow always if
we want with that idea then we'd also
have to agree that those universes
started fracturing apart as well wow
that really makes the whole dust
anything not so special okay scratch
that let's look at it from another
perspective and this is even more
devastating
I'm sure as science fiction fans most of
you are probably familiar with the Drake
Equation it's a mathematical formula
that takes into account all the possible
variables it comes up with the number of
potential planets with intelligent life
on it I have a similar equation which
I'll call the planket equation this
equation will measure how often history
is being changed in Star Trek alone
first we'll take the number of times a
potentially history altering time-travel
event has taken place in each of the
Star Trek series now considering how
often time-travel events have occurred
in just a sliver of the Federation that
we've been witness to we must now
include the probability that similar
events have occurred on other Starfleet
ships with other crews next will account
for other spacefaring civilizations in
the Alpha Quadrant who may have also had
their share of time-traveling events
next will include the whole Milky Way
galaxy and multiply our estimates
remember when the dad from That 70's
Show was changing history constantly for
hundreds of years yeah
plug that shit in next we'll multiply
the findings by the number of known
galaxies in the universe and then we'll
have our result
ready history is changing every 23
millionths of a second and the time it
took me to say that history has changed
186 million times
in fact you no longer exist now when the
guat knew and the Delta Quadrant travels
back in time to save his house from
going into foreclosure does it affect
the events in the Alpha Quadrant
I don't know maybe Janeway jumped into
the Delta Quadrant and then tried to
change time from there so maybe it's off
theoretical anyway so it was time travel
for that matter you think JJ Abrams
knows or that guy or that guy with the
money none of them know wait something's
wrong something's changed
the timeline just changed oh no my first
cat is now alive again somehow just
taking that money she won an Atlantic
City and started some kind of media
empire and now it's just trying to
murder me um anyway so if you stand back
and look at Star Trek and consider all
the weird and fucked up shit that's
happened none of this matter the people
that made this film will attempt to
explain the whole timeline thing and try
to make us feel better that they didn't
erase anything but the truth of the
matter is that they don't have an answer
and they don't really care at all so if
you get worked up about this it won't
make any difference because as I said
before there's not an answer
they just wanted to make a film that
would make a bunch of mine period it's
like getting all worked up about the
Star Wars prequel oh wait let's all go
to the lobby
let's all go three delicious things to
eat the popcorn can't be beat the
sparkling drinks are just Andy the
chocolate bars and the candy cells let's
all go to the lobby to get ourselves a
sheet let's all go to the
me to get ourselves a thing
part two number five spell everything
out for the audience when you take star
truck and try and make it work for
everyone not just nerds you
unfortunately have to spell it out for
them using imagery they can recognize
and associate with so that they're not
totally confused this is where the movie
starts to lose its attachment to start
truck and it becomes space adventure
film set in the future of space there
are a lot of little things in the film
like this but I'm gonna focus on four
main ones
number one Starfleet Academy the
location is right the look is right but
the feel is wrong if your show Starfleet
the way it's typically portrayed people
in the audience would ask what is this
like some kind of resort or is this like
some kind of weird cult what's going on
or why is everyone wearing clothes at
this weird San Francisco New Age nudist
colony see Starfleet is a Military
Academy Academy comes from the word
academics it's not where enlisted men go
you could just enlist and Starfleet if
you want and perform some kind of task
and become like a petty officer or just
a regular crewman but you have no rank
you see Starfleet is to West Point as
the base in Starship Troopers is to Camp
Lejeune now this is a very mild point
I'm making and I'm trying not to nitpick
cuz I do like this movie but I also like
to analyze things and Star Trek not all
members of Starfleet went to the Academy
enough Bridge officers have made to
Starfleet Academy
engineers the Academy was for the best
and the brightest and it was actually
pretty hard to get into I didn't get
into the Academy I failed you and I
failed the enterprise the way that it's
portrayed and Star Trek is like everyone
in lists and then they get shipped off
the war kinda like Vietnam now this is
all just semantics but Tyco encourages
Kirk to enlist and Starfleet not to
apply to Starfleet Academy enlist in
Starfleet in Lee they mentioned that
Kirk's test scores are off the chart cuz
he's indeed a genius like all the other
characters but the movie blurs the line
a little when it comes to the military
aspects of Starfleet
for example they show the cupcake guy
and his buddies as cadets somehow I
doubt this guy passed the exam and was
accepted into the Academy especially
when it seemed like his lifelong dream
was to point a gun at people I would
guess that most security guards were
just grooming and not officers the
rougher more militaristic environment so
helps the audience understand what's
happening that Kirk and his friends are
all on the bottom of the food chain
starting out their careers and Starfleet
at times I feel like Starfleet is made
up of Space Marines you understand what
the Federation is don't you think it's
important it's a peacekeeping and
humanitarian Armada nice try to
enterprise construction starships
typically aren't built at earth or on
the ground for this matter
they were usually built at a facility
called Utopia Planitia orbiting Mars but
remember this segment is called spelling
it out for people by changing this
detail it allowed for scenes of Kirk to
see his destiny in the distance it was a
metaphorical and visual mr. JJ Abrams
deals more on visuals and emotions of
the moment more so than the complete
accuracy of all the technical stuff this
is why this movie butts heads with a lot
of Star Trek fans let me give you a
quick example and see if it bothered you
or if you even noticed it at all so all
the cadets land inside the shuttle bay
area of the ship Spock is there too
because he presumably came up on a
shuttle with the rest of them so Spock
leaves the shuttle bay and we
follow them inside a turbo lift the
grabs the handle and like less than five
seconds or so he's already up on the
bridge now the bridge is pretty far away
from the shuttle bay normally there's
horizontal and vertical turbo lift
shafts that run inside a starship so in
this scene Kirk Spock and Scotty take a
turbo lift ride up to the bridge from
engineering which is actually closer
than the shuttle bay let's watch well
impossible kept the power source is
protected by material we cannot breach
even with our phasers mr. Scott and I
have prepared the means for the only
logical alternative available to us what
alternative the barrier we must
penetrate is composed of negative energy
I have opened the control valves to the
matter/antimatter in ourselves on your
signal I will flood them with positive
energy what when we engage the barrier
the ship will explode the kelvins will
be stopped here and so will we are you
mad I can't just keep it in the next
generation times the turbolift took a
while and when you hear that sound
that means it's changing over from one
shop to the next now that the creators
of the movie know how far the shuttle
bay is from the bridge gee I hope so did
they care nope here's why it's because
this movie is all about fluidity it's
about emotion and adventure the style is
fast paced the camera movements are free
and flowing and you're meant to be
filled with a sense of adventure
hey wait a minute the enterprise is
being built in Iowa right where Kirk
happened to live talk about convenience
Oh like the smoothie fucking socks three
the Kobayashi Maru test armed photons
prepare to fire on the Klingon warbirds
yes sir
Jim their shields are still up are they
okay we got it
you rigged the test no they're not all
enemy ships one photon each you do it's
no waste immunity yep I got it let me
guess you you did something to the test
right all ships destroy captain begin
rescue of the stranger thank you for
telling me what's going on in an over
exaggerated caricature can you make it
any more obvious for the audience
wait the original use of the Kobayashi
Maru test was to show that Kirk never
wanted to lose right and then had to
deal with losing what's the point of the
test this time the purpose is to
experience fear to experience fear how
do you experience fear for real when you
know it's a simulation I regatta who are
clowning around in the background we're
receiving a distress signal from the USS
computation way clowning around back
there I'm trying to experience fear and
the nextgen they do a similar test on
once the crusher when he's applying for
Starfleet Academy
you see they make him think he's waiting
for some kind of test in a room and then
an unrelated accident occurs elsewhere
in the building Wesley is then forced to
make a life-or-death decision all on his
own point is he thought what was
happening was real now that was a test
but in this movie the purpose of the
test was really just half Kirk meets
Spock they could've just met inside a
Kmart but they slapped in some kind of
generic notion that this
was about fear and yet you were the one
who said fear was necessary for command
did you see his ship do you see what he
did of course you got to experience fear
what do you need to take the test for
about that for the engine room lastly
what was my favorite Star Trek idea and
set location has now been altered so
that normal people know it's happening
you see a starship is powered by
something called a warp core it's a
really tall tube thing that extends up
many decks and in the middle it houses a
matter and anti-matter reaction chamber
that powers the warp drive technology in
the future is pretty clean and sterile
actually and you almost can't tell that
it's an engine room a gun if people saw
something like that they'd say is that a
giant frozen margarita dispenser or
where is this supposed to be why did the
movie stop thinking for me so now the
enterprise engine room looks pretty
similar to a modern-day cruise ship
making it very clear that we're now in
the engine room now I do appreciate the
fact that they took the effort to film
in real locations rather than sit on
their ass and film people in front of a
blue screen and have it end up looking
like fucking crap but I get the vibe
that these scenes and others were filmed
in some kind of like water reclamation
facility or or like an oil refinery or
fermentation plant or something like
that the warp cores look suspiciously
like tanks they brew beer in this is
true though when they shot the
unimportant locations and real locations
to like save money or whatever well then
that's kind of horrible isn't it did I
have to go back to the same location
every time they shoot a sequel what if
they can't get in that location again
what if it goes over business because of
the economy or what if it gets knocked
down by a tornado they'll have to build
a set that looks just like it when they
should just build a set in the first
place yeah the project shoot the
engineering scenes inside the kitchen of
a trip
fillet the new warp drive will be like
the fry cooker hot plasma coming through
now I would be negligent not mentioning
things that they kept the same and that
I like for example I like to transport a
room
the transportation process and the look
of everything I think it's kind of neat
actually same with the view screen I
like out the combination of window and
view screen ever think about it would
have been really helpful in a situation
like this also the new ship design is
pretty cool and I like the way that they
jump into warp drive it's very much like
Star Wars hyperspace and has a real kind
of adventurous feel to it lets punch it
it's really hard for me to say nice
things about a movie so at this moment
I'm sticking a fork in my balls
number 6 more stuff about sex who's got
a case of the knot gays so there wasn't
really time to give Kirk a love interest
to do just that too much shit to do so
we have to establish him as a ladies man
right because his future reputation
precedes him wait a minute that don't
make no sense
anywho Kirk makes a pass at hua tries to
sleep with the green lady and as always
craning his neck at anything female that
walks by establishing that the Galactic
ladies man james t kirk has a case of
the nod gaze is not too difficult but
then you got spock all anybody knows
about spock is that he's weird he's
quiet and he likes science he also likes
looking into some blue thing bought in a
film that's hyper charged with sex and
flashy lens flares and aimed at a
general audience you better deal with
the subject to Spock sexuality or else
people will just wonder if he's a gay so
since they basically had nothing for
what it'd do after she figured out the
transmission thing
the logical approach was to have her and
Spock involved in some kind of weird
creepy sex thing now technically it was
nurse Chapel that had the real hidden
feelings for Spock I'm in love with you
mr. Spock well who I just like to tease
Spock kind of make fun of them why don't
you tell me I'm an attractive young lady
asked me if I've ever been in love
inside or I've you know she was always
thinking facing we had asked cracker the
pairing of Spock and Laura made a little
sense other than the fact that she was
indeed sleeping with him to get ahead
which is heavily implied in this next
scene exceptional oral sensitivity and I
quote she just say she demonstrated
aural sensitivity on multiple occasions
what does she mean by that so maybe she
just used him to get on board the
enterprise and in the next film she's
gonna break his heart by fucking that
green thing I mean you kind of get the
impression that she really cares for him
but it's hard to tell what her motives
are I just don't get what's your season
spark spark is like this boring creepy
asshole I am instructing you to accept
the fact that I Ernie who this strangely
tacked on love subplot serves two
purposes one to give Ahura something
more to do on the story and two to show
that sparks got a big case of the nod
case you pound that mound my friend take
it a warp speed
but don't forget to vulcanize Renee so
next up we got an older doctor guy named
bones who for some reason wants to pal
around with Kirk all the time now the
audience immediately starts thinking
that he wants to climb Chris's pine tree
now before we get too far here we've got
the old ex-wife oh thank god he finally
said something about a wife this was
also an opportunity to explain his
nickname to people and that it had
nothing to do with the boner
let's the bones bones is of course an
old-timey term for a doctor I think it
comes from like the Civil War or
something when doctors were called old
saw bones because they would cut off
your limbs to aboard the gangrene but
because people don't know nothing about
history or anything else no more bones
his nickname is now simplified for the
stupid masses hey anybody wanna go get a
double down with me it's that time of
day when I have to shove food with my
fucking face
so they used this opportunity to kill
two birds with one stone to show that
bones ain't gay and to explain his
nickname efficiency all over next we
meet Scottie and we find out that he
lives on an ice planet by himself with a
little green goblin that loves him now
this is pretty fucking weird right now
you're probably wondering if this
Scottie likes it in Jefferies tube or
not does he have an infection of the
knot gaze that must be treated she is
one Wehling guy living I'd like to get
my hands on her ample nacelles in your
public engineering parlance he said
something about tits that's good enough
for me
next is check up at whatever and we all
know about Sulu don't we your hair is
like mine
oh my god
don't forget about Nero you'd think that
a bunch of bald sweaty men living
together on a dimly-lit factory ship for
25 years is weird yeah it certainly is
but the movie even takes the time to
establish that Nero's got a case of the
knock gays to provide for myself and the
wife who's expecting my child
wait a minute the timeline just changed
again Bambi's alive again in this
timeline except for now she's my first
cat oh I'm so confused
number seven the story and things that
don't make sense now that all that's
been said I could finally talk about the
story which isn't as important of a
topic as you might have thought so yeah
this story is basically like Star Trek
nemesis a big powerful evil ship
Romulans and revenge but on this movie
it was alright and not misis it wasn't
here's why by the time we got to the
next generation films we already know
the TNG crew these movies were
desperately begging for slow-moving
well-written plot instead we had dumb
villains and doomsday devices and a 65
year old man trying to be Bruce Willis
and Star Trek so much time is needed to
establish the characters and how they
all get into place you don't have time
to have a super complex villain and
story I mean I guess you could have
pulled it off maybe but why take the
risk and fuck up the first film right
out of the gate now let's discuss the
plot anyway so the movie starts out with
Kirk's mother giving birth to him again
the super dramatic opening looks people
in is it cheap and easy yes does it work
yes so why was a nine month pregnant
civilian on his starship maybe they were
on a long deep space to Simon she was
actually a fellow officer who got
knocked up during the mission point as
she picked a pretty bad time to go into
labor why can't women do anything right
okay so some star somewhere I went
supernova and threatened
destroy the galaxy a star will explode
and freakin to destroy the galaxy aah
the whole galaxy that must have been
affixed uper Nova aren't there like
billions of stars in our own galaxy and
this kind of thing happens all that
whatever you see they once tried to base
Star Trek in actual science the
technical advisors on a Star Trek The
Next Generation constantly check the
latest data compiled by NASA and other
science institutions to ensure the
technical accuracy of the series now
fuck that now look I have to stop here
it's a good time to point out something
really important what's important is
that these kind of scientific things no
longer really matter in the new Star
Trek and me discussing them is utterly
pointless when reviewing the Star Wars
prequels I was reviewing them on the
fact that they failed as films first
farallon's that didn't quite connect
with the audience the technical details
of Star Wars and how that universe works
doesn't really matter because it's
science fantasy not science fiction Star
Trek was always based more on real
scientific stuff rather than pure
fantasy I'll give you an example and
Star Trek a great deal of time was
devoted to the warp engines and how they
worked
matter antimatter reaction the function
of dilithium crystals how and why a
warped field was created and so on
countless episodes deal with this
subject matter and a ton of stories and
Star Trek are centered all around these
ideas and concepts and star wars
spaceship engines served one purpose
they get characters from here to there
whenever told how they work how
hyperspace works what fuels the engines
etc Luke just flies from Hoth to de
Gabon and x-wing no biggie
whatever none of it really mattered what
mattered in Star Wars is the story the
adventures and the emotions it's a
pretty clear-cut example of the
difference between the two science
fiction and science fantasy not to say
that Star Trek didn't also deal in
character's adventure and emotion but
the series is more heavily based in the
Technic
nuances of how things work
matter/antimatter of mixture ratio
settings and optimum balance reaction
sequence corresponding the specified
norms magnetic plasma transfer to work
field generators program specs
it's what separated Star Trek from Star
Wars and what gave Star Trek the more
nerdy stigma with the new Star Trek
movie there was a notable attempt to
make the film more like Star Wars and
that really comes through
let's punch it so the truth is you have
to learn to set aside the Star Trek
mindset and look at this new movie from
a whole different perspective when you
do that you could kind of enjoy it it's
like looking at one of those magic eye
things my wife once sent me a message
from beyond the grave in one of those
magic eye things when I was looking at
one in the bookstore it said I will not
rest until I see you prosecuted for my
murder anyway the movie does vaguely
reference some of the old Star Trek
concepts and ideas but it's all just in
some kind of non technical fantasy way
you see in my opinion where the prequels
utterly failed Star Trek excelled Star
Trek is really engaging it's fun
adventurous fast pace heroes are heroes
and villains are villains and at the
very least you know what's happening
it's everything we did not get in the
prequels at no point where we completely
bored and confuse thanks
black holes expanding we won't reach
minimum safe distance if we don't leave
immediately
your highness with your permission we're
heading for a remote planet called
Tatooine it's in the system far beyond
the reach of the driver
in fact JJ Abrams should have directed
the prequels and George Lucas should
have directed people to their seats in
the theater for anyway back to bitching
about the technical details in the new
Star Trek movie so Spock is sent to stop
the supernova from destroying Romulus by
using something called red matter to
create a black hole to suck up the
supernova before it destroys the planet
Wow and you thought your job at
TouchSmart was hard
anyway Spock is late he fucks it up and
then still sucks up the supernova anyway
hey wait if all Spock needed was a tiny
blob of red matter to make a black hole
and there was only like one supernova
then why did he bring so much red matter
also such material would probably be
really valuable to space terrorists so
some security would have been good
a few more Vulcan ships maybe so was the
lightning storm in space kind of near
Romulus or in the Federation territory I
don't know what's happening we've
received a distress call from Vulcan ok
Vulcan sends out a distress signal on
Starfleet sends a bunch of ships there
what they appear to be a lightning storm
in space
because Vulcan says they're having
seismic activities and they attribute
this to the lightning storm in space so
wait the lightning storm in space that's
near the Klingon neutral zone is causing
seismic activity all the way on Vulcan
not anywhere else or was it worse closer
to it unless Nero sent a phony distress
signal as a trap like Kirk said were
warping into traps sure the Reuter I
already said that but if Nero's goal was
to blow up all the Federation planets
that is why I could destroy all the
remaining Federation planets starting
with yours then why would he want a
bunch of ships attacking him when he was
trying to do it I need the subspace
frequencies of Starfleet Border
Protection rates oh well maybe he wanted
them there so he could get the border
protection codes from one of the
captains you know so he could attack
earth next but if that were the case so
why did he destroy the whole fleet
destroy it - there was even gonna
destroy the enterprise - until he saw
that it was the ship - Spock was on wait
a minute what the heck planet is he on
where he could see Vulcan in the sky
that big is it a Vulcan moon Vulcan has
no moon oh I guess not but if these
planets are that close to each other
then why is the one planet a frozen
wasteland well Vulcan is a hot desert
planet they just like made this planet
up because they needed it for the story
right yeah Star Wars mindset keep
focused stay in the star wars mindset
remember I just needed another vodka
Gilmore oh now spark just says that a
star went supernova right 129 years from
now a star will explode I assume it
wasn't the Romulan Sun because it would
have blowed up
Romulus in like one millisecond if it
was a distant star then I probably would
have taken the supernova like years to
reach Romulus do they know how much
distance is in between stars I don't
know where things are happening also
young Spock hypothesizes that a black
hole could be used to create a time
travel portal right such technology
could theoretically be manipulated to
create a tunnel through space-time so I
would assume that old Spock knew this -
it was his red matter so I did the
Vulcans know for sure that the black
hole would just absorb the supernova and
not send it through time did they test
this out on a different supernova or was
it all theoretical support a big risk to
take assholes
maybe Romulus was meant to be destroyed
by the natural course of events of this
galaxy I remember one day two wanted to
save that little girl and Picard said
leave let her whole family died when
their whole planet started erupting in
volcanoes because it wasn't his job to
interfere with the natural course of
events of their planet there are no
options the prime directive is not a
matter of degrees
it is an absolute so we make an
exception in the deaths of millions
see the prime directive has many
different functions not the least of
which is to protect us to prevent us
from allowing our emotions to overwhelm
our judgment I close the runner wounds
that I receive their planet what we do
today may profound ly affect the future
if we could see every possible outcome
we'd be gods which were not if there is
a cosmic plan is it not the height of
hubris to think that we can or should
interfere using red matter I would
create a black hole which would absorb
the exploding star next Yong Spock
launches Kirk onto an ice planet where
he just happens to land right near a
cave that old Spock just happens to be
in done both of them just happened to be
right near where Scotty's at who just
happens to be the guy that invented the
idea of transwarp beaming and beaming
within a solar system both concepts that
they're gonna put to use in the next
half hour too many coincidences well I
have an explanation it was the will of
the force that they all meet so it makes
perfect sense Kirk and Spock are
destined to be shipmates as it was
prophesized that this will bring balance
to the Federation
oh wait I'm confusing this with Stargate
so the main bad guy Nero who was named
after the CD burning software worked as
some kind of minor on a big-ass ship
that must have mind the whole planets in
the future or some Nero uses his ship to
drop the red matter he took from Spock
from the future into Vulcan of the past
so that it could suck up the planet cuz
he's pissed at Spock
I guess the red matter needs like a ton
of heat or energy to turn into a black
hole or else dropping it into the
planets core sort of pointless oh wait I
guess it doesn't I don't know what's
happening anyway what I've worked so
neros motivated by revenge of course
because Spock didn't save his planet and
his wife died and she looks nothing like
a Romulan
woman by the way we Romulan women are
ugly-ass frogs I can just see a biker
bars anyway so if you look at it
logically Nero's motivations weird it
makes no sense having your wife on a
planet that gets obliterated and then
sucked up into a black hole well that
gets rid of something they like to call
evidence ah I'd love to see detective
Gary put loose key from the Teaneck
Police Department retrieve evidence from
a black hole good luck with that Gary
yeah I'll see you in court asshole
anyway I'll Spock did was try to help
and unless Nero had some kind of proof
that Spock intentionally failed because
he hated Romulans the Nero was mad at
Spock for no real reason in fact and
this timeline Spock was the guy who was
all about reunification with the
Romulans so I'm sure he gave it his best
shot
second they mentioned that it was the
Vulcan Science Academy that initiated
the mission but just like Star Trek
nemesis the villain now wants to go
after earth too he's going off to us for
no reason other than the audience is
from Earth and then we might care now if
you assume that Nero just snapped and
then went totally and completely insane
after his wife died then it all makes
perfect sense crazy people don't have to
make sense
Jim madness has no purpose or reason but
it may have a goal the problem is is
that Nero as a crew of like 12 or so
other Romulans - all of them can't be
just as crazy and driven by convoluted
logic - in many situations like this one
a crazy leader goes really off the deep
end someone else will get a bit nervous
as if their plans just might be going a
bit too far
in the mall one hate more than you the
other Romulans appear to have no
problems with killing six billion people
without having that scene where Nero's
second-in-command asks if what he's
doing is a good idea they've reduced
Romulans to totally mindless monsters
when before they really weren't I don't
know maybe the black hole scrambled
their brains I know a black hole once
tried to scramble my brains but don't
worry everything turned out well but
just say Romulans were always villains
well that's right but only in the sense
that they had like a secretive society
not all Romulans were bad people they
were as diverse as any other race now
while Romulans would kill and torture to
protect their empire I doubt most would
condone genocide on such a grand scale
he's not planning to defeat earth he's
planning its annihilation and his sins
will mark us and our children for
generations
so anyway we get to the end of the film
and their plan is for the enterprise to
disguise itself in the rings of Saturn
and then Kirkland Spock are gonna beam
onto Shinzon ship from there so Kirk
rescue spike
yeah prise safe Spock for missiles and
he crashes his ship in the Narrows so
yeah this ending is pretty much to shoot
a mob fight with the bad guy lots of
choking big explosion ending but the
point of all this so that Kirk and Spock
can finally work together as a team thus
establishing their professional
relationship and the beginning of a
friendship this is why this all works
for me because if this climax was too
complex or cerebral it would overshadow
the simple fact that this is a
character-driven origin story that and
the fact that this whole ending sequence
is pretty slick and very well done it's
not as awkward and pathetic as the
action in the next generation films a
girl will call my gradient spectral
graphic and as some weird guy said they
got classical music and too got rock and
roll both are good in their own contexts
but when you get somewhere in the middle
you end up with child banging on a piano
number 8 references the Star Trek Star
Trek is always referenced itself in one
way or another from one generation to
the other
what is it
it is that's green it is green usually
it'll be a subtle reference that only
truck fans will get and I'm glad to
report that there's a lot of these
little moments in the new film now you
lower your fuckin mind
let's take a look at some now nurse
Chapel reference there's a brief mention
a nurse Chapel I don't know if we ever
see her though the ladder in the hallway
in classic truck they have one hallway
set there's always this yellow ladder
there I think it went up somewhere and
the new movie we see a similar ladder in
the hallway as well it's a nice little
touch in the background
Zulu's warp drive throttle you may have
thought the warp drive throttle was
silly you might have even thought it was
kind of like the enterprise-e manual
steering column but in the motion
picture Sulu did indeed have a warp
throttle Prairie girl highlighting
classic lighting baby classic red shirt
getting killed on in a way mission
probably the most famous of Star Trek
references pretty self-explanatory mind
controlling space slugs an obvious
reference of the Wrath of Khan but they
put them in Pike's mouth instead which
is our reference to Star Trek The Next
Generation and the mind controlling
slugs that tried to take over the
Federation so on both timelines Captain
Pike still ends up in a wheelchair and
the original oh my god what's wrong with
your hair Kirk in the Apple Kirk eats an
apple during the Kobayashi Maru test
this is a reference to the Wrath of Khan
when Kirk is eating an apple while
discussing how he beat the test
number nine so what's next the future of
Star Trek so I haven't read any rumors
or anything about what's supposed to be
in the next Star Trek film but I can
take an educated guess it's probably
gonna be about Klingons and maybe I've
tribbles in it too why because that's
the next thing on the list of what the
general public knows about Star Trek
you see they made Romulans the bad guys
in this one cuz Romulans are less
interesting and less known than Klingons
and the focus of the first movie was to
get all the characters into play so
let's list the things that your average
everyday Joe knows about Star Trek just
through osmosis alone beam me up Scotty
to Star Trek Enterprise dr. Spock live
long and prosper aka the Spock hand
thing can you do it
lol I can warp speed set phasers to stun
damn it Jim I'm a doctor not a he's dead
Jim
Klingons Kirk fight Spock with the
things that the dah dah dah dah dah dah
dah photon torpedoes tribbles Kirk
fights the lizard guy the people with
the half-black half-white faces the
reason why Star Trek endured for 40
years was again limitations and quality
storytelling if you ask me what ruins
Star Trek it wasn't the TNG films it was
the Dominion war a large unfolding
plotline about a full-scale war was neat
but like my great granddaughter crystal
it showed us all the goods too soon and
left nothing to the imagination for
example the next generation teased us
for seven years we never got to see the
enterprise-d in a full-out battle to the
death with a Romulan warbird they can't
close several times but it never
happened and that's what made it
interesting when the bigger more epic
things started to happen it began to
cheapen it causing a rapid burnout
the once mighty and feared Klingon
bird-of-prey now had the durability of a
TIE fighter and the terrifying Romulan
warbird could now be dissolved away when
hit by a laser beam then after a few
battles things got boring and the new
film we see two whole planets blowing up
almost three seas supernovas black holes
black holes sucking up supernovas so
what can be blown up next the galaxy the
universe the first film kicked off the
franchise really well but if you keep
trying to top the previous film then
it's in danger of burning itself out too
quickly when you go too far Star Trek
will just need another reboot in five
years like everything else so is a
reboot of a reboot still just called a
reboot or is it a reimagining of a
reboot or what a reimagining getter

[Part II]
number five spell everything
out for the audience when you take star
truck and try and make it work for
everyone not just nerds you
unfortunately have to spell it out for
them using imagery they can recognize
and associate with so that they're not
totally confused this is where the movie
starts to lose its attachment to start
truck and it becomes space adventure
film set in the future of space there
are a lot of little things in the film
like this but I'm gonna focus on four
main ones
number one Starfleet Academy the
location is right the look is right but
the feel is wrong if your show Starfleet
the way it's typically portrayed people
in the audience would ask what is this
like some kind of resort or is this like
some kind of weird cult what's going on
or why is everyone wearing clothes at
this weird San Francisco New Age nudist
colony see Starfleet is a Military
Academy Academy comes from the word
academics it's not where enlisted men go
you could just enlist and Starfleet if
you want and perform some kind of task
and become like a petty officer or just
a regular crewman but you have no rank
you see Starfleet is to West Point as
the base in Starship Troopers is to Camp
Lejeune now this is a very mild point
I'm making and I'm trying not to nitpick
cuz I do like this movie but I also like
to analyze things and Star Trek not all
members of Starfleet went to the Academy
enough Bridge officers have made to
Starfleet Academy
engineers the Academy was for the best
and the brightest and it was actually
pretty hard to get into I didn't get
into the Academy I failed you and I
failed the enterprise the way that it's
portrayed and Star Trek is like everyone
in lists and then they get shipped off
the war kinda like Vietnam now this is
all just semantics but Tyco encourages
Kirk to enlist and Starfleet not to
apply to Starfleet Academy enlist in
Starfleet in Lee they mentioned that
Kirk's test scores are off the chart cuz
he's indeed a genius like all the other
characters but the movie blurs the line
a little when it comes to the military
aspects of Starfleet
for example they show the cupcake guy
and his buddies as cadets somehow I
doubt this guy passed the exam and was
accepted into the Academy especially
when it seemed like his lifelong dream
was to point a gun at people I would
guess that most security guards were
just grooming and not officers the
rougher more militaristic environment so
helps the audience understand what's
happening that Kirk and his friends are
all on the bottom of the food chain
starting out their careers and Starfleet
at times I feel like Starfleet is made
up of Space Marines you understand what
the Federation is don't you think it's
important it's a peacekeeping and
humanitarian Armada nice try to
enterprise construction starships
typically aren't built at earth or on
the ground for this matter
they were usually built at a facility
called Utopia Planitia orbiting Mars but
remember this segment is called spelling
it out for people by changing this
detail it allowed for scenes of Kirk to
see his destiny in the distance it was a
metaphorical and visual mr. JJ Abrams
deals more on visuals and emotions of
the moment more so than the complete
accuracy of all the technical stuff this
is why this movie butts heads with a lot
of Star Trek fans let me give you a
quick example and see if it bothered you
or if you even noticed it at all so all
the cadets land inside the shuttle bay
area of the ship Spock is there too
because he presumably came up on a
shuttle with the rest of them so Spock
leaves the shuttle bay and we
follow them inside a turbo lift the
grabs the handle and like less than five
seconds or so he's already up on the
bridge now the bridge is pretty far away
from the shuttle bay normally there's
horizontal and vertical turbo lift
shafts that run inside a starship so in
this scene Kirk Spock and Scotty take a
turbo lift ride up to the bridge from
engineering which is actually closer
than the shuttle bay let's watch well
impossible kept the power source is
protected by material we cannot breach
even with our phasers mr. Scott and I
have prepared the means for the only
logical alternative available to us what
alternative the barrier we must
penetrate is composed of negative energy
I have opened the control valves to the
matter/antimatter in ourselves on your
signal I will flood them with positive
energy what when we engage the barrier
the ship will explode the kelvins will
be stopped here and so will we are you
mad I can't just keep it in the next
generation times the turbolift took a
while and when you hear that sound
that means it's changing over from one
shop to the next now that the creators
of the movie know how far the shuttle
bay is from the bridge gee I hope so did
they care nope here's why it's because
this movie is all about fluidity it's
about emotion and adventure the style is
fast paced the camera movements are free
and flowing and you're meant to be
filled with a sense of adventure
hey wait a minute the enterprise is
being built in Iowa right where Kirk
happened to live talk about convenience
Oh like the smoothie fucking socks three
the Kobayashi Maru test armed photons
prepare to fire on the Klingon warbirds
yes sir
Jim their shields are still up are they
okay we got it
you rigged the test no they're not all
enemy ships one photon each you do it's
no waste immunity yep I got it let me
guess you you did something to the test
right all ships destroy captain begin
rescue of the stranger thank you for
telling me what's going on in an over
exaggerated caricature can you make it
any more obvious for the audience
wait the original use of the Kobayashi
Maru test was to show that Kirk never
wanted to lose right and then had to
deal with losing what's the point of the
test this time the purpose is to
experience fear to experience fear how
do you experience fear for real when you
know it's a simulation I regatta who are
clowning around in the background we're
receiving a distress signal from the USS
computation way clowning around back
there I'm trying to experience fear and
the nextgen they do a similar test on
once the crusher when he's applying for
Starfleet Academy
you see they make him think he's waiting
for some kind of test in a room and then
an unrelated accident occurs elsewhere
in the building Wesley is then forced to
make a life-or-death decision all on his
own point is he thought what was
happening was real now that was a test
but in this movie the purpose of the
test was really just half Kirk meets
Spock they could've just met inside a
Kmart but they slapped in some kind of
generic notion that this
was about fear and yet you were the one
who said fear was necessary for command
did you see his ship do you see what he
did of course you got to experience fear
what do you need to take the test for
about that for the engine room lastly
what was my favorite Star Trek idea and
set location has now been altered so
that normal people know it's happening
you see a starship is powered by
something called a warp core it's a
really tall tube thing that extends up
many decks and in the middle it houses a
matter and anti-matter reaction chamber
that powers the warp drive technology in
the future is pretty clean and sterile
actually and you almost can't tell that
it's an engine room a gun if people saw
something like that they'd say is that a
giant frozen margarita dispenser or
where is this supposed to be why did the
movie stop thinking for me so now the
enterprise engine room looks pretty
similar to a modern-day cruise ship
making it very clear that we're now in
the engine room now I do appreciate the
fact that they took the effort to film
in real locations rather than sit on
their ass and film people in front of a
blue screen and have it end up looking
like fucking crap but I get the vibe
that these scenes and others were filmed
in some kind of like water reclamation
facility or or like an oil refinery or
fermentation plant or something like
that the warp cores look suspiciously
like tanks they brew beer in this is
true though when they shot the
unimportant locations and real locations
to like save money or whatever well then
that's kind of horrible isn't it did I
have to go back to the same location
every time they shoot a sequel what if
they can't get in that location again
what if it goes over business because of
the economy or what if it gets knocked
down by a tornado they'll have to build
a set that looks just like it when they
should just build a set in the first
place yeah the project shoot the
engineering scenes inside the kitchen of
a trip
fillet the new warp drive will be like
the fry cooker hot plasma coming through
now I would be negligent not mentioning
things that they kept the same and that
I like for example I like to transport a
room
the transportation process and the look
of everything I think it's kind of neat
actually same with the view screen I
like out the combination of window and
view screen ever think about it would
have been really helpful in a situation
like this also the new ship design is
pretty cool and I like the way that they
jump into warp drive it's very much like
Star Wars hyperspace and has a real kind
of adventurous feel to it lets punch it
it's really hard for me to say nice
things about a movie so at this moment
I'm sticking a fork in my balls
number 6 more stuff about sex who's got
a case of the knot gays so there wasn't
really time to give Kirk a love interest
to do just that too much shit to do so
we have to establish him as a ladies man
right because his future reputation
precedes him wait a minute that don't
make no sense
anywho Kirk makes a pass at hua tries to
sleep with the green lady and as always
craning his neck at anything female that
walks by establishing that the Galactic
ladies man james t kirk has a case of
the nod gaze is not too difficult but
then you got spock all anybody knows
about spock is that he's weird he's
quiet and he likes science he also likes
looking into some blue thing bought in a
film that's hyper charged with sex and
flashy lens flares and aimed at a
general audience you better deal with
the subject to Spock sexuality or else
people will just wonder if he's a gay so
since they basically had nothing for
what it'd do after she figured out the
transmission thing
the logical approach was to have her and
Spock involved in some kind of weird
creepy sex thing now technically it was
nurse Chapel that had the real hidden
feelings for Spock I'm in love with you
mr. Spock well who I just like to tease
Spock kind of make fun of them why don't
you tell me I'm an attractive young lady
asked me if I've ever been in love
inside or I've you know she was always
thinking facing we had asked cracker the
pairing of Spock and Laura made a little
sense other than the fact that she was
indeed sleeping with him to get ahead
which is heavily implied in this next
scene exceptional oral sensitivity and I
quote she just say she demonstrated
aural sensitivity on multiple occasions
what does she mean by that so maybe she
just used him to get on board the
enterprise and in the next film she's
gonna break his heart by fucking that
green thing I mean you kind of get the
impression that she really cares for him
but it's hard to tell what her motives
are I just don't get what's your season
spark spark is like this boring creepy
asshole I am instructing you to accept
the fact that I Ernie who this strangely
tacked on love subplot serves two
purposes one to give Ahura something
more to do on the story and two to show
that sparks got a big case of the nod
case you pound that mound my friend take
it a warp speed
but don't forget to vulcanize Renee so
next up we got an older doctor guy named
bones who for some reason wants to pal
around with Kirk all the time now the
audience immediately starts thinking
that he wants to climb Chris's pine tree
now before we get too far here we've got
the old ex-wife oh thank god he finally
said something about a wife this was
also an opportunity to explain his
nickname to people and that it had
nothing to do with the boner
let's the bones bones is of course an
old-timey term for a doctor I think it
comes from like the Civil War or
something when doctors were called old
saw bones because they would cut off
your limbs to aboard the gangrene but
because people don't know nothing about
history or anything else no more bones
his nickname is now simplified for the
stupid masses hey anybody wanna go get a
double down with me it's that time of
day when I have to shove food with my
fucking face
so they used this opportunity to kill
two birds with one stone to show that
bones ain't gay and to explain his
nickname efficiency all over next we
meet Scottie and we find out that he
lives on an ice planet by himself with a
little green goblin that loves him now
this is pretty fucking weird right now
you're probably wondering if this
Scottie likes it in Jefferies tube or
not does he have an infection of the
knot gaze that must be treated she is
one Wehling guy living I'd like to get
my hands on her ample nacelles in your
public engineering parlance he said
something about tits that's good enough
for me
next is check up at whatever and we all
know about Sulu don't we your hair is
like mine
oh my god
don't forget about Nero you'd think that
a bunch of bald sweaty men living
together on a dimly-lit factory ship for
25 years is weird yeah it certainly is
but the movie even takes the time to
establish that Nero's got a case of the
knock gays to provide for myself and the
wife who's expecting my child
wait a minute the timeline just changed
again Bambi's alive again in this
timeline except for now she's my first
cat oh I'm so confused
number seven the story and things that
don't make sense now that all that's
been said I could finally talk about the
story which isn't as important of a
topic as you might have thought so yeah
this story is basically like Star Trek
nemesis a big powerful evil ship
Romulans and revenge but on this movie
it was alright and not misis it wasn't
here's why by the time we got to the
next generation films we already know
the TNG crew these movies were
desperately begging for slow-moving
well-written plot instead we had dumb
villains and doomsday devices and a 65
year old man trying to be Bruce Willis
and Star Trek so much time is needed to
establish the characters and how they
all get into place you don't have time
to have a super complex villain and
story I mean I guess you could have
pulled it off maybe but why take the
risk and fuck up the first film right
out of the gate now let's discuss the
plot anyway so the movie starts out with
Kirk's mother giving birth to him again
the super dramatic opening looks people
in is it cheap and easy yes does it work
yes so why was a nine month pregnant
civilian on his starship maybe they were
on a long deep space to Simon she was
actually a fellow officer who got
knocked up during the mission point as
she picked a pretty bad time to go into
labor why can't women do anything right
okay so some star somewhere I went
supernova and threatened
destroy the galaxy a star will explode
and freakin to destroy the galaxy aah
the whole galaxy that must have been
affixed uper Nova aren't there like
billions of stars in our own galaxy and
this kind of thing happens all that
whatever you see they once tried to base
Star Trek in actual science the
technical advisors on a Star Trek The
Next Generation constantly check the
latest data compiled by NASA and other
science institutions to ensure the
technical accuracy of the series now
fuck that now look I have to stop here
it's a good time to point out something
really important what's important is
that these kind of scientific things no
longer really matter in the new Star
Trek and me discussing them is utterly
pointless when reviewing the Star Wars
prequels I was reviewing them on the
fact that they failed as films first
farallon's that didn't quite connect
with the audience the technical details
of Star Wars and how that universe works
doesn't really matter because it's
science fantasy not science fiction Star
Trek was always based more on real
scientific stuff rather than pure
fantasy I'll give you an example and
Star Trek a great deal of time was
devoted to the warp engines and how they
worked
matter antimatter reaction the function
of dilithium crystals how and why a
warped field was created and so on
countless episodes deal with this
subject matter and a ton of stories and
Star Trek are centered all around these
ideas and concepts and star wars
spaceship engines served one purpose
they get characters from here to there
whenever told how they work how
hyperspace works what fuels the engines
etc Luke just flies from Hoth to de
Gabon and x-wing no biggie
whatever none of it really mattered what
mattered in Star Wars is the story the
adventures and the emotions it's a
pretty clear-cut example of the
difference between the two science
fiction and science fantasy not to say
that Star Trek didn't also deal in
character's adventure and emotion but
the series is more heavily based in the
Technic
nuances of how things work
matter/antimatter of mixture ratio
settings and optimum balance reaction
sequence corresponding the specified
norms magnetic plasma transfer to work
field generators program specs
it's what separated Star Trek from Star
Wars and what gave Star Trek the more
nerdy stigma with the new Star Trek
movie there was a notable attempt to
make the film more like Star Wars and
that really comes through
let's punch it so the truth is you have
to learn to set aside the Star Trek
mindset and look at this new movie from
a whole different perspective when you
do that you could kind of enjoy it it's
like looking at one of those magic eye
things my wife once sent me a message
from beyond the grave in one of those
magic eye things when I was looking at
one in the bookstore it said I will not
rest until I see you prosecuted for my
murder anyway the movie does vaguely
reference some of the old Star Trek
concepts and ideas but it's all just in
some kind of non technical fantasy way
you see in my opinion where the prequels
utterly failed Star Trek excelled Star
Trek is really engaging it's fun
adventurous fast pace heroes are heroes
and villains are villains and at the
very least you know what's happening
it's everything we did not get in the
prequels at no point where we completely
bored and confuse thanks
black holes expanding we won't reach
minimum safe distance if we don't leave
immediately
your highness with your permission we're
heading for a remote planet called
Tatooine it's in the system far beyond
the reach of the driver
in fact JJ Abrams should have directed
the prequels and George Lucas should
have directed people to their seats in
the theater for anyway back to bitching
about the technical details in the new
Star Trek movie so Spock is sent to stop
the supernova from destroying Romulus by
using something called red matter to
create a black hole to suck up the
supernova before it destroys the planet
Wow and you thought your job at
TouchSmart was hard
anyway Spock is late he fucks it up and
then still sucks up the supernova anyway
hey wait if all Spock needed was a tiny
blob of red matter to make a black hole
and there was only like one supernova
then why did he bring so much red matter
also such material would probably be
really valuable to space terrorists so
some security would have been good
a few more Vulcan ships maybe so was the
lightning storm in space kind of near
Romulus or in the Federation territory I
don't know what's happening we've
received a distress call from Vulcan ok
Vulcan sends out a distress signal on
Starfleet sends a bunch of ships there
what they appear to be a lightning storm
in space
because Vulcan says they're having
seismic activities and they attribute
this to the lightning storm in space so
wait the lightning storm in space that's
near the Klingon neutral zone is causing
seismic activity all the way on Vulcan
not anywhere else or was it worse closer
to it unless Nero sent a phony distress
signal as a trap like Kirk said were
warping into traps sure the Reuter I
already said that but if Nero's goal was
to blow up all the Federation planets
that is why I could destroy all the
remaining Federation planets starting
with yours then why would he want a
bunch of ships attacking him when he was
trying to do it I need the subspace
frequencies of Starfleet Border
Protection rates oh well maybe he wanted
them there so he could get the border
protection codes from one of the
captains you know so he could attack
earth next but if that were the case so
why did he destroy the whole fleet
destroy it - there was even gonna
destroy the enterprise - until he saw
that it was the ship - Spock was on wait
a minute what the heck planet is he on
where he could see Vulcan in the sky
that big is it a Vulcan moon Vulcan has
no moon oh I guess not but if these
planets are that close to each other
then why is the one planet a frozen
wasteland well Vulcan is a hot desert
planet they just like made this planet
up because they needed it for the story
right yeah Star Wars mindset keep
focused stay in the star wars mindset
remember I just needed another vodka
Gilmore oh now spark just says that a
star went supernova right 129 years from
now a star will explode I assume it
wasn't the Romulan Sun because it would
have blowed up
Romulus in like one millisecond if it
was a distant star then I probably would
have taken the supernova like years to
reach Romulus do they know how much
distance is in between stars I don't
know where things are happening also
young Spock hypothesizes that a black
hole could be used to create a time
travel portal right such technology
could theoretically be manipulated to
create a tunnel through space-time so I
would assume that old Spock knew this -
it was his red matter so I did the
Vulcans know for sure that the black
hole would just absorb the supernova and
not send it through time did they test
this out on a different supernova or was
it all theoretical support a big risk to
take assholes
maybe Romulus was meant to be destroyed
by the natural course of events of this
galaxy I remember one day two wanted to
save that little girl and Picard said
leave let her whole family died when
their whole planet started erupting in
volcanoes because it wasn't his job to
interfere with the natural course of
events of their planet there are no
options the prime directive is not a
matter of degrees
it is an absolute so we make an
exception in the deaths of millions
see the prime directive has many
different functions not the least of
which is to protect us to prevent us
from allowing our emotions to overwhelm
our judgment I close the runner wounds
that I receive their planet what we do
today may profound ly affect the future
if we could see every possible outcome
we'd be gods which were not if there is
a cosmic plan is it not the height of
hubris to think that we can or should
interfere using red matter I would
create a black hole which would absorb
the exploding star next Yong Spock
launches Kirk onto an ice planet where
he just happens to land right near a
cave that old Spock just happens to be
in done both of them just happened to be
right near where Scotty's at who just
happens to be the guy that invented the
idea of transwarp beaming and beaming
within a solar system both concepts that
they're gonna put to use in the next
half hour too many coincidences well I
have an explanation it was the will of
the force that they all meet so it makes
perfect sense Kirk and Spock are
destined to be shipmates as it was
prophesized that this will bring balance
to the Federation
oh wait I'm confusing this with Stargate
so the main bad guy Nero who was named
after the CD burning software worked as
some kind of minor on a big-ass ship
that must have mind the whole planets in
the future or some Nero uses his ship to
drop the red matter he took from Spock
from the future into Vulcan of the past
so that it could suck up the planet cuz
he's pissed at Spock
I guess the red matter needs like a ton
of heat or energy to turn into a black
hole or else dropping it into the
planets core sort of pointless oh wait I
guess it doesn't I don't know what's
happening anyway what I've worked so
neros motivated by revenge of course
because Spock didn't save his planet and
his wife died and she looks nothing like
a Romulan
woman by the way we Romulan women are
ugly-ass frogs I can just see a biker
bars anyway so if you look at it
logically Nero's motivations weird it
makes no sense having your wife on a
planet that gets obliterated and then
sucked up into a black hole well that
gets rid of something they like to call
evidence ah I'd love to see detective
Gary put loose key from the Teaneck
Police Department retrieve evidence from
a black hole good luck with that Gary
yeah I'll see you in court asshole
anyway I'll Spock did was try to help
and unless Nero had some kind of proof
that Spock intentionally failed because
he hated Romulans the Nero was mad at
Spock for no real reason in fact and
this timeline Spock was the guy who was
all about reunification with the
Romulans so I'm sure he gave it his best
shot
second they mentioned that it was the
Vulcan Science Academy that initiated
the mission but just like Star Trek
nemesis the villain now wants to go
after earth too he's going off to us for
no reason other than the audience is
from Earth and then we might care now if
you assume that Nero just snapped and
then went totally and completely insane
after his wife died then it all makes
perfect sense crazy people don't have to
make sense
Jim madness has no purpose or reason but
it may have a goal the problem is is
that Nero as a crew of like 12 or so
other Romulans - all of them can't be
just as crazy and driven by convoluted
logic - in many situations like this one
a crazy leader goes really off the deep
end someone else will get a bit nervous
as if their plans just might be going a
bit too far
in the mall one hate more than you the
other Romulans appear to have no
problems with killing six billion people
without having that scene where Nero's
second-in-command asks if what he's
doing is a good idea they've reduced
Romulans to totally mindless monsters
when before they really weren't I don't
know maybe the black hole scrambled
their brains I know a black hole once
tried to scramble my brains but don't
worry everything turned out well but
just say Romulans were always villains
well that's right but only in the sense
that they had like a secretive society
not all Romulans were bad people they
were as diverse as any other race now
while Romulans would kill and torture to
protect their empire I doubt most would
condone genocide on such a grand scale
he's not planning to defeat earth he's
planning its annihilation and his sins
will mark us and our children for
generations
so anyway we get to the end of the film
and their plan is for the enterprise to
disguise itself in the rings of Saturn
and then Kirkland Spock are gonna beam
onto Shinzon ship from there so Kirk
rescue spike
yeah prise safe Spock for missiles and
he crashes his ship in the Narrows so
yeah this ending is pretty much to shoot
a mob fight with the bad guy lots of
choking big explosion ending but the
point of all this so that Kirk and Spock
can finally work together as a team thus
establishing their professional
relationship and the beginning of a
friendship this is why this all works
for me because if this climax was too
complex or cerebral it would overshadow
the simple fact that this is a
character-driven origin story that and
the fact that this whole ending sequence
is pretty slick and very well done it's
not as awkward and pathetic as the
action in the next generation films a
girl will call my gradient spectral
graphic and as some weird guy said they
got classical music and too got rock and
roll both are good in their own contexts
but when you get somewhere in the middle
you end up with child banging on a piano
number 8 references the Star Trek Star
Trek is always referenced itself in one
way or another from one generation to
the other
what is it
it is that's green it is green usually
it'll be a subtle reference that only
truck fans will get and I'm glad to
report that there's a lot of these
little moments in the new film now you
lower your fuckin mind
let's take a look at some now nurse
Chapel reference there's a brief mention
a nurse Chapel I don't know if we ever
see her though the ladder in the hallway
in classic truck they have one hallway
set there's always this yellow ladder
there I think it went up somewhere and
the new movie we see a similar ladder in
the hallway as well it's a nice little
touch in the background
Zulu's warp drive throttle you may have
thought the warp drive throttle was
silly you might have even thought it was
kind of like the enterprise-e manual
steering column but in the motion
picture Sulu did indeed have a warp
throttle Prairie girl highlighting
classic lighting baby classic red shirt
getting killed on in a way mission
probably the most famous of Star Trek
references pretty self-explanatory mind
controlling space slugs an obvious
reference of the Wrath of Khan but they
put them in Pike's mouth instead which
is our reference to Star Trek The Next
Generation and the mind controlling
slugs that tried to take over the
Federation so on both timelines Captain
Pike still ends up in a wheelchair and
the original oh my god what's wrong with
your hair Kirk in the Apple Kirk eats an
apple during the Kobayashi Maru test
this is a reference to the Wrath of Khan
when Kirk is eating an apple while
discussing how he beat the test
number nine so what's next the future of
Star Trek so I haven't read any rumors
or anything about what's supposed to be
in the next Star Trek film but I can
take an educated guess it's probably
gonna be about Klingons and maybe I've
tribbles in it too why because that's
the next thing on the list of what the
general public knows about Star Trek
you see they made Romulans the bad guys
in this one cuz Romulans are less
interesting and less known than Klingons
and the focus of the first movie was to
get all the characters into play so
let's list the things that your average
everyday Joe knows about Star Trek just
through osmosis alone beam me up Scotty
to Star Trek Enterprise dr. Spock live
long and prosper aka the Spock hand
thing can you do it
lol I can warp speed set phasers to stun
damn it Jim I'm a doctor not a he's dead
Jim
Klingons Kirk fight Spock with the
things that the dah dah dah dah dah dah
dah photon torpedoes tribbles Kirk
fights the lizard guy the people with
the half-black half-white faces the
reason why Star Trek endured for 40
years was again limitations and quality
storytelling if you ask me what ruins
Star Trek it wasn't the TNG films it was
the Dominion war a large unfolding
plotline about a full-scale war was neat
but like my great granddaughter crystal
it showed us all the goods too soon and
left nothing to the imagination for
example the next generation teased us
for seven years we never got to see the
enterprise-d in a full-out battle to the
death with a Romulan warbird they can't
close several times but it never
happened and that's what made it
interesting when the bigger more epic
things started to happen it began to
cheapen it causing a rapid burnout
The once mighty and feared Klingon Bird-of-Prey now had the durability of a TIE fighter.
And the terrifying Romulan warbird could now be dissolved away when hit by a laser beam.
Then after a few battles, things got boring.
In the new film, we see two whole planets blowing up.
Almost three supernovas, black holes, black holes sucking up supernovas.
So what can be blown up next?
The galaxy?
The universe?
The first film kicked off the franchise really well.
But if you keep trying to top the previous film, then it's in danger of burning itself out too quickly when you go too far.
Star Trek will just need another reboot in five years, like everything else.
So is a reboot of a reboot still just called a reboot?
Or is it a reimagining of a reboot?
Or what a reimagining get a--
