Dec 23, 2011
Mr. Plinkettâ€™s Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zphhfHon_I
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/150188405672779777
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/204810842941090

Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the
Crystal Skull is the fourth film in the
Indiana Jones film series it stars
Harrison Ford Cate Blanchett and Shia
LaBeouf they're had some fun moments but
overall it was pretty disappointing
that's the end thanks for watching my
review check out my web dome for more
information about my reviews and be sure
to like us on facebook and follow us on
twitter hit the subscribe button in the
like button if you liked this video and
you want to see more videos like it
this week's shout-out goes to you sir
Kaylee three one nine says your reviews
are great and user xx SW fan 9 2 says
get off your lazy fuck yes and give us
what we want you fat homo no one cares
about half in the back
oh but I just did the Indiana Jones
review oh wait I guess you want
something a little more in-depth right
ok let's start this over here goes
nothing Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of
the Crystal Skull is the most
disappointing thing since well probably
the Phantom Menace I can't recall the
last time when such a beloved pairing
created such an embarrassing turd at
least not since Chaz Bono the only
saving grace here is that this is just
some random crappy Indiana Jones
Adventure Lord knows there have been a
lot of those already so it's not I could
ruin some very important backstory like
another series of films did but like the
prequels the choices made here are just
baffling did you two guys forget to take
your brain medicine you know the
medicine that doesn't make you do crazy
things cuz if you needed to borrow some
I've got a lot of it number one
uncovering a mystery and Joanna Jones
and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is
a movie nobody wanted to make I'm done
with this series it was great let's walk
away it was also a movie that everybody
wanted to see until they did and in the
end though everybody lost except for
Karen Allen who got to take a break from
her job
in a tollbooth to once a gun star in a
feature film I got so ever got paid to
work on the movie one a little too cuz
they got paid but the audience had to
suffer through another sad chapter from
the what could have been great book
that's currently being written by George
Lucas Indiana Jones in the attack of the
giant ants the difference this time is
that certain elements seemed to have
been in place to prevent another
disaster we have a competent director
named Steven Spielberg who has continued
to make mostly good movies a fine
director of photography named Janice
cam-cam can we edit that out Harrison
Ford is back in the starring role a
screenwriter that's not George Lucas and
most importantly George Lucas isn't a
screenwriter and he wasn't directing it
either
he was just helping out with the story
and throwing out ideas like he did
before so what the fuck happened that
was George's idea George said you know
I'd love to introduce Harrison this time
playing Indy in the trunk of a car and I
said that's fine by me but you see like
Indiana Jones I'm an archaeologist of
sorts and no I'm not talking about
finding bones in my basement cuz I know
how those got there but I'm gonna look
into this mystery to the best of my
ability so we could try to solve it I
will put my finger deep into this anal
cyst and try to scoop out the truth that
I know is down inside that dark cave oh
my god look out it's a giant turd let's
continue let's start by renaming this
film we'll call it Indiana Jones and the
policy of no refunds no that doesn't
make a lot of sense
how about Indiana Jones and the mystery
of why this movie didn't work because
it's hard to point your finger at one
specific detail oh my god okay I guess
that could be it but it's more of a blur
of bad so I'm no stranger to the Indiana
Jones films in fact next to Star Wars
our truck and the Olsen twins movies
it's my favorite series of films to
masturbate to oh I didn't mean to say
that oh my god I have every image every
sound every line of dialogue practically
burned into my brain the Indiana Jones
films aren't exactly works of art though
and they're not really meant to be
they're well made tongue-in-cheek
action-adventure films that once again
pay homage to the old serials of the
past that George Lucas and Steven
Spielberg enjoyed watching as kids
it's those things that inspired them to
make movies of their own you see these
films are less about the characters and
realism and more about the spectacle in
the adventure so when the time came to
actually make another one of these films
well what exactly could the thought
process of Bend
I guess this should have started with we
better not let since they didn't let's
do what I do best
ejaculate blood into a storm drain but
we want number two what's this next film
that no one wants to make going to be
about anyone deciding to do a fourth
Indiana Jones movie these are the
questions that probably came up number
one when do we set it well person is 65
years old so probably sometime in the
late 1950s
number two who are the bad guys since
the Nazis are gone the Russians seem
like a good choice it was the height of
the Cold War so that makes sense
Russians number three we need another
character gimmick right people liked
when Sean Connery was in the other one
but he's too old now and we did that
already herring ng son seems to make
sense how about a greaser someone that
will conflict with him a little like the
dad did in the beginning it was a
daughter he didn't know about and I
thought that'd be a great thing Steven
actually didn't like that idea
and lastly what's the story about well
that was the first mist on aliens and
Indiana Jones is weird and strange could
have been good if it was done right but
I don't know George Lucas had this idea
for Indiana Jones and it was basically
hey let's do a lit where abouts partner
didn't that happen in 1957 something
Soviet with the Russian George insisted
and he didn't he said this would be like
a b-movie at all because in 1950s be
movies and you go to Russia the Ukraine
the idea of taking the genre from the
1930 serials action-adventure series I'm
talking the be science fiction movies
well maybe the Russians are some kind of
super what with an Indiana Jones is
called out of retirement to help stop
them these are interdimensional beings
they're not extraterrestrials are
interdimensional so I said fine fine but
we want what they aliens because that's
what George wanted why is he so
important since when does being a
billionaire that owns the company making
the movie mean you have some kind of
saying it is there's been a kind of long
road to get everybody to agree and we're
not gonna do the movie unless all three
of us agree on it anyways you see
Indiana Jones and the saucer men from
Mars was actually George Lucas's
original idea in the mid 90s great at
Indiana Jones running around with the
live alien named goo boo and also dealt
with Indiana Jones getting married to a
lot of these ideas were eventually
shoved into this movie along with tons
of other retarded shit which is why this
movie feels like a hodgepodge of crap
from all over the place and not a
singular solid idea what were these
people smoking cigarettes number three
the Indiana Jones structure the Indiana
Jones films have worked on a basic
principle of repetition like the verse
chorus verse structure of a pop song and
like other successful film series they
succeed with the same a different
approach most people complain that
sequels are just the original film done
over again just a little different maybe
different location maybe different
characters but essentially the same
story or idea the James Bond franchise
has gotten away with this 21 times there
will always be an exception to the rule
of course but the same but different
theory will usually apply people don't
like things that are different and they
want the same shit that they got last
time anybody want a pizza roll email me
if you want a pizza roll
post a comment on my website if you
would like me to send you a pizza they
in the mail
people like sameness predictability and
they don't like to take chances or try
new things that's why we have Applebee's
Oh God thinking about Applebee's just
many throw up in my own stomach however
with this film given the vast amount of
time that had passed I think some kind
of risk might have been justified and
I'm talking about putting in a fucking
UFO the original formula just didn't
work here for many reasons risk is why I
love the Temple of Doom so much it's
because it's unapologetic for what it is
and it took a lot of chances Willie
Scott was there for comic relief and the
kid was there for kid appeal I suppose
but at its core the movie was really
dark we decided to go darker part of I
guess I was going through a divorce at
the time
that had devil worshipers child slave
labor guy getting killed by a flaming
shish kebob human sacrifice with the
heart being ripped out and so on now you
can argue whether or not this is the
best or worst film of the series but at
least they took a big risk the Last
Crusade was a good time to play it safe
this is not so what do I mean by all
this well the first three films were
inspired by those old adventure serials
right traveling shooting adventure
discovery exotic foreign lands and
romance weird cultures etc but then they
say that all this is a homage to the
1950s sci-fi b-movie and I wanted to
rest it on a cinematic whereas I give
you permission to drop this movie
there's nothing to do with those old
sci-fi movies it's just the same
adventure serial crap from the first
three movies with an alien thing in
there if it was a 50 sci-fi b-movie
Indiana Jones would spend most of the
movie in a laboratory talking to
government scientists about things and
that Dan something might land in the
city or there'd be like a ray gun or
weird robot dang will try to take over
the world I don't know what I'm saying
is something radically different was
needed with this fourth movie there are
other kinds of adventure and action in
movies you know but that would have been
a really big risk to not have indie do
the same stick in the same formula
Indiana Jones is too iconic for his own
good hey let's quickly recap the basic
elements from the Indiana Jones film so
you know where I'm coming from I assume
you've seen the films if you're watching
this with you if not just to get your
fucking head checked one Indiana Jones
character introduction let's start with
Indy Andy always gets a call
introduction to the movies the coolest
reveal is of course in Raiders
all right all laugh
and tumblr doom he's like cool and suave
and wearing the white tuxedo it's cool
cuz rescind in an environment we haven't
seen him in before the third films a
cool reveal to our I guess cuz there's a
neat transition from youth to adulthood
even though it starts with them getting
punched in the face number to stock
characters next Indy formula dictates
that we need a main villain a secondary
villain and the muscle we had Balog and
major Toth
bholaraam chatter law and Donovan and
Elsa Schneider the muscle characters are
there to have an elongated fight
sequence with Indiana Jones for the
purposes of action and/or adventure
number one was the big guy by the plane
who gets fucking killed in the propeller
blades number two is the bearded turban
man who gets fucking crushed by a rock
crusher and number three was general
Vogel in the tank who could fuckin crush
when he falls off a cliff
number three female lead the first film
is Marion Ravenwood the second film is
Willie Scott and the third is dr. Elsa
Schneider and while most of you will
argue that Willie Scott was irritating
as fuck Lisa was different in fact each
character was unique and memorable for
general plot shit
each indie film begins with an opening
sequence that generally has nothing to
do with the main plot it's just to
establish Indiana Jones and to set the
tone the golden idol had nothing to do
with the Lost Ark the cremated remains
of nurhachi had nothing to do it the
glowing rocks of whatever from the
Temple of Doom and the Last Crusade the
cross of Coronado had nothing to do with
the Holy Grail other than the obvious
religious symbolism but remember I'm
talking about the main plot typically
done everything follows the basic
structure of an average screenplay after
the opening action sequence Indiana
Jones gets the information about what
he's going to go after it
is one of the possible resting places of
the Lost Ark so you need to go to
Bangkok fellows the Holy Grail
dr. Jones he travels somewhere gathers
more clues and information then there's
an action scene or two which owners
first with some new information and
twists eventually Indiana Jones is put
in the worst possible position where it
seems like everything is lost its
trapped in a snake pit there's a slave
to mola Rama and his dad is trapped in
the tank
everybody's fucked eventually end he
fights back and he's pushed to his
physical limitations he manages to
eventually overcome the bad guys and
there's some resolution to the plot
remember those and I ain't talking about
the one I put my wife in
number four of cracks in the crystal
skull now on to the excrement the
problem with all this is that the
Crystal Skull does seem to follow this
pattern enough you're at an opening
action sequence bad guys the muscle love
interest plot introduction travel
discovery and is first with action
sequences low point final fight and
resolution so what once so fucking
horribly wrong well the details for
starters and all the ideas do mostly
coming from you know that guy the one
that wanted the third film to take place
in a haunted house the original story
for the third film was a haunted castle
movie but Stephen had just finished
poltergeist so he said I don't want to
do another haunted castle movie I said
okay what thankfully we had Steven
Spielberg to not let that shit happen
and they appeared to compromise and
anyway at first it didn't vote too well
because I think George had a different
idea Lucas of what it was about or at
least he seemed more willing to tell
George Lucas that his ideas were
terrible I'm gonna take the haunted
castle and put it at the beginning for
the teaser but this time I'm not sure
what happened
Spielberg either lost his ability or
willingness to shut the crap down or he
just didn't care
but regardless of whatever the
pre-production process was Crystal Skull
feels like a movie directed by five
different people and the ideas of 27
other people all shoved into one movie
so let's try to make some sense of the
structure Crystal Skull unlike the other
films opens with the sequence directly
tied to the main plot of the movie even
though I guess finding this Sally and
the box really had little to do with the
Crystal Skull since it was a different
alien or did it have a Crystal Skull - I
thought it was the one from the Roswell
crash but those are little short aliens
these other ones were 9 feet tall it
doesn't look like it's the same one but
did it have a crystal skull or didn't it
but the crystal skull was from the one
alien with the 13 skeletons right who is
this which is actually one ailing are
there two types of aliens fucked little
roswell ones and the tall ones or was
there just one alien
distant cousin perhaps maybe they too
was them to find a guitar oh wait you
said something about distant cousins oh
this whole scene feels like they wanted
to have an Indiana Jones movie with
aliens in it I couldn't decide between
the Roswell kind of aliens or the
ancient South American Crystal Skull
Mayan god alien things well let's just
do both the fact here is that most
people really haven't heard of the whole
Crystal Skull thing just fucking weirdos
like Dan Aykroyd know about it 23
different species are coming because
they don't want anything to do with us I
don't think we will ever have a formal
relationship a formal contact with any
alien species out there especially after
9/11 most people have heard of Roswell
in area 51 and all that stuff so that
just added to the confusion right there
let's move on to the reveal of Indiana
Jones I thought it would be nice to have
him trapped in the back of a car with
another guy Oh see I like the Hat and
the shadow thing because that always
works cuz it's cool but don't let me see
him he just looks like a confused old
man that's been wearing the same clothes
for 25 years put your hands down
you're embarrassing us you should have
also said put your hands down you're
embarrassing me not us what are these
guys lovers done to add to all this crap
were introduced to the main villain the
sub villain and the muscle all in the
opening scene of the film we're even
introduced to the fact that max is of
questionable Allegiance so there's
little left to discover I mean we did
get introduced to Bela in the opening of
Raiders but he wasn't on the hunt for
the Lost Ark it was just to introduce
that he was a big asshole so our main
villain is named Ivana spank off and she
wants to get the Crystal Skull to
control the world or whatever and then
Indies probably gonna fight this Russian
guy again all the information about the
whole film is received in the first 10
minutes not that these films are that
hard to predict but throwing out the
information a little slower is preferred
some twists and reveals are appreciated
and they make the movie more fun to
watch after the opening scene in the
Crystal Skull the rest of the scenes are
kind of dull I couldn't have been more
when they're looking around the ruins
for whatever they're looking for I don't
know who ox is and I don't care
you're a teacher
part-time why did they use that take and
of the worst one part time is a
wonderful moment in crystal skull where
Shia playing mut turns him and says
you're a teacher
you're a teacher and he says part-time
part-time why did he say it's so weird
was that an outtake there's a better
take in the trailer even part-time
anyway the ultimate threat in the film I
guess is that if the Russians get the
Crystal Skull Ivana spank off we'll
devise some kind of mind-control weapon
however in the very first scene she
proves to be a frog because she's not
able to read Indiana Jones's mind and we
also know that people can't read other
people's minds oh oh I guess they can
read minds Indiana Jones in turn appears
skeptical about her and the power of the
skull mines in the past films there was
a pretty clear threat that both items
presented Biak it is their choice and it
is something that man was not meant to
disturb death has always surrounded it
it is not of this earth there is an air
of mysticism and weight that loomed over
everything I just didn't get that from
this comical skull plus it was kind of
stupid looking and they kept throwing it
around in a bag and the Temple of Doom
however the motivation of the film was
more about bringing life back to this
poor village and saving a whole bunch of
kids not really stopping an evil force
from taking over the world but a noble
goal and one we wanted to see India
chief because little Indian children is
sexy in Crystal Skull I got the
impression that I've honest Bankoff had
no idea what she was dealing with which
was ultimately the case and I never
really cared about if the Russians won
or not neither did Indiana Jones
apparently in fact he was so involved
with helping them that he seemed
confused when mutt hatched his escape
plan don't constantly exchanging
ownership of the skull was of little
consequence because I knew that they're
both gonna take it to a couture and then
one of them was probably gonna follow
the other there that shit always happens
maybe we could have had some kind of
example of spank off using the skull to
make a bunch of people pacified look
maybe those FBI guys show up at the end
and they're now loyal to the Russians
showing how powerful the skull could be
or maybe they show like a film reel of
what the Russians plan to do with more
skulls like this scene from The
Rocketeer which helps paint a picture of
what the consequences are like maybe
with some kind of device to amplify its
powers but fighting to stop some kind of
quasi and unclear goal is kind of boring
and why was there even all this treasure
at the end are they competing with the
stupid Nicholas Cage movies what the
fuck he also keeps bringing Mac along
the guy that's been leading the Russians
to him constantly throughout the whole
film
hello Mac how about just to be safe time
act to a tree and come back for him
later
you don't gotta kill him just hide him
from the Russians and get him later
you see I once tied my wife to a tree
and in a way I'm sorry I meant I once
put my wife here sorry my memory gets
fuzzy sometimes especially after a drink
a couple of fuzzy navels off for number
five a never-ending series of bad ideas
now before I complain more about this
movie I thought I'd be fair to point out
some of the things that I actually liked
in the film don't worry this won't take
long
despite the material Spielberg does
deliver a lot of his iconic visuals and
direction that he's known for I do like
this image of Indy silhouetted against
the mushroom cloud signifying that
Indiana Jones has entered the nucular
age
I like when Indy trips over all the big
people I really like the 50s cafe scene
and the subsequent chase scene the
characters are really strong here and
it's a nice mixture of conversation and
exposition and the escape concept is
clever and a lot of fun in disguise
the chase is great too it feels real and
I would have been okay if or chasing
like this was the finale to the whole
film
I like when Indy sarcastically asks mud
if he has a knife I like the whole
opening sequence when the Russians are
having fun with the American teenagers
and then they played the Elvis music it
set the period well I like that this big
thing was actually a practical set by I
was fucking shocked to learn that I also
liked when mutt jumps out of the water
and says I like the bare-knuckle
fistfight at the end and and then I like
when he says oh yeah gate
I like when Indy misses swinging onto
the truck damn I thought that was closer
and I think that's about it most of
these are just little things stuff in
the beginning but when the story gets
going the movie gradually starts to suck
like some are pulling a thread out of a
sweater
until the sweater eventually sucks
hanging to go back to the movie we're
talking about the ideas right so you can
point out how a plot has holes or
doesn't make sense or how a character
action is inappropriate or forced well
the way you're sinking your teeth into
those what were using whether or not an
idea is good or bad is subjective except
in this case these are all real bad
ideas so let's begin to list all the
terrible ideas and missteps in this film
number one making this movie well I
suppose that goes without saying
number two bringing back Marion
Ravenwood not sure what the point of
this was a mixture of nostalgia maybe an
attempt to put the franchise in the
character of Indiana Jones to rust there
was a clear effort to bring things full
circle by bringing back the original
Indiana Jones love interest and having
it on pretty much the same way that
Raiders did there both were encounter
white suits and formal wear I'm walking
off arm-in-arm they even went so far to
tease that mutt would take up the mantle
of his father
I guess Indiana Jones
too old to be having flings with younger
ladies but Marian she worked as a feisty
jilted lover for Mindy's past one he
seemed not to be too concerned with but
the love of his life
yeah not too sure about that this all
felt kind of forced that and after she's
introduced they have nothing for her to
do other than to be the driver and to
drive the car around that was her thing
I guess I don't know all I do know is
that it's been two weeks since my last
bath number three having Mott do things
I like the character of mud seriously I
don't mind him and I don't mind shy
Lyubov either I think he's a pretty
natural actor Mike feels appropriate and
makes sense to me it's one of the few
things in this film that doesn't feel
too forced indeed father issues now your
son issues in fact one of the most
clever and best scenes of the film's in
the 50s diner Indiana and Mott are
having a conversation their mannerisms
the way they speak it's really clear and
strong from a character perspective
there's even some real subtle stuff
going on in their actions mutt steals a
drink from the waitress and then Indy
puts it back both without saying
anything showing that this kid is really
in need of some kind of father figure
and Indiana begins to father him
unknowingly this is one of Spielberg's
many skills as a director getting down
and dirty and actually working with the
actors and understanding people unlike
that other guy that sits in the chair I
didn't even think he's a human I think
he's an alien
the following sequences classic
Spielberg II and Indiana Jones in action
it's not until later in the film when
things fall apart and it becomes a
horrible video game so then completely
out of character mud is set up to have
some kind of prior training and fencing
fancy prep schools teach you how to
debate your chest fencing oh why I guess
they're conveniently he can have a fight
scene with a vana spank off this feels
like the stupid-ass scene in the second
Jurassic Park film when the dumb girl
uses her stupid gymnastics training at
the end and knocked a raptor out the
window so fucking stupid the school cut
me from the team anyway I should have
had to ride a huge Russian motorcycle or
something hey remember in Raiders when
the introduced Marion has this weird
awesome chick that could hold her own in
a drinking contest that turned out to be
a clever reverse setup for the scene
with Belle ugh you think she's gonna try
to out drink him and then escape just
like it was set up but it turns out
she's met her match because he owns his
own winery and he's a wino see this is
kind of clever this is retarded again a
matter of opinion but mine is right now
time to get back on track uh-huh maybe
mutt should have been a tough guy
wannabe who was like totally useless
until the very end when he does
something brave but having him fighting
such a stupid and unrealistic manner
seemed forced and it made Indiana Jones
a little pointless
it also drifted into the pad to give
them something to do realm which is
always a bad idea
remember Riker when he fought the
monster at the end of Star Trek nemesis
which had no point of the then he wanted
to get revenge for the monster mind
raping his wife I don't know why you'd
want to get revenge on that you think
you want to give the guy a $50 bill see
if a character has to be given something
to do then they probably shouldn't even
be there
that's what it was kind of magical about
the third Indiana Jones film was that
Salah Marcus Brody and Henry Jones
senior all are completely useless at the
end Indy had to carry all the weight
which made him more of a hero when
everyone's an agile video game character
for no reason it's retarded and stupid
number four Mac he may be the most
complicated supporting character we've
ever had more these pictures I heard
this character is a double agent but
he's a double agent it's forgotten he's
a double agent who don't always work in
food I kind of think when when he's with
the Russians he thinks he's working for
the Americans and when he will be
Americans he thinks he's working for the
Russians eats don't know anymore the
only character able to fool Indiana
Jones should be a sexy blonde woman or a
sexy Indian child I know having Mac had
a history together fighting in World War
two or whatever but after a certain
point the double and triple cross has
started to make Indiana Jones look like
a stupid retard if Mac was CIA then why
didn't the album escape the first time
when they had that chance to stop the
Russians from the start
Andy would not tolerate such foolishness
and would not be so stupid
younger and he probably would have just
shot Mac number five the quicksand scene
I hate this scene more than life itself
the whole point of the scene is just to
have Indiana Jones learn that mud is his
son first let's backtrack a bit though
certainly before the scene we discover
that Marion is in the Russian camp oh
look it's Marion why what is your son
okay neat now we're done with you you
can go back to the Tollbooth in fact
when Indiana Jones talks with Oxley we
have to be reminded that these
characters are still here with these
awkward cutaways this is the low point
in the film for sure and I'm not making
a pun about quicksand anywhere because
just before that Indiana Jones is mind
raped by a vana with the alien skull and
then it just goes ahead and continues to
help the Russians he's all gung-ho about
helping them to the point where escape
didn't even cross his mind then they run
away they get stuck in quicksand or
whatever it is
and then awkward comedy and Susan was
clearly a sound stage I'm Cano is a dry
sand sinking QuickTime comics of Sam mud
and water and depending on the viscosity
so it's dangerous also and II hate
snakes
to put that in there cuz it was on the
other films snakes why'd it have to be
snakes now I'm pretty sure snakes of
strong muscles since that's all they're
made of but I'm sure most people we're
thinking like I was isn't the snake
gonna rip in half I mean it's not
indestructible link you gets the vacuum
it's like trying to lift a car I don't
know it just doesn't seem realistic to
me now go ahead and post comments about
how people have used snakes as ropes for
years in the Amazon or whatever you
fuckin asshole turn into yo stocks to go
get help go get help and the first time
I saw this I just assumed he meant to go
back to the Russian camp and get them to
help I mean when Indies life was in
danger before the atomic explosion he
begged the Russians to pick them up in
their car but Darwin ox brings back the
Russians Indies like good work thanks
help
well the fuck did you expect him to go
get help from in the middle of a jungle
got two minutes before you get sucked
underground number six the rest of the
movie I'll just stop here cuz at this
point it's all downhill in order to have
a standard Indiana Jones chasing the
movie invents a fictional cartoon tree
smashing machine the Capay the way
through a dense jungle terrain like a
video game so that cars can ride through
the jungle Indiana Jones then has a line
of expository dialogue that helps
reinforce what's happening in the film
because no one knows what's going on or
where anyone is going gotta get Oxley
back get our hands on
call and get socket or before they just
grab the wheel I don't even know it's
gonna happen an actor when they get
there to find more skulls to find gold
bangs throne addition to the weak and
uninteresting story crystal skull was
also just an endless series of
shoehorned visual references and
pointless callbacks to make a feel like
an Indiana Jones film not that the first
three films were devoid of references
what's this one
but they were far and few between each
of those movies had a distinct feel this
movie feels like a visual imitation of
an Indiana Jones film but somebody's
grant for dressing up like Indiana Jones
but because Hollywood executives like
money and because these guys think
they're awesome they made this movie so
we're treated to a spectacle of dull
scenes pointless references and terrible
cartoony cgi antics to sell another
shitty product to the dumbasses
they've even opened the film with the
classic Paramount logo which usually
dissolved into some kind of similar rock
face except for this time it dissolved
into the majestic prairie dog Mound
where is it with the damn cartoon
prairie dogs why do we keep seeing them
do they put this shit in there for
little kids or something wise in here
anyways it also feels like the phrase
well I've got to have this in there to
was out at about 10 million times during
the pre-production phase let's take a
look at these visual callbacks shall we
open up the tomb and hit it Johnny
Johnny oh this is your tomb oh I'm so
sorry I have the wrong one there it is
okay running away from hostile natives
grave robbing type stuff with the torch
ancient booby traps stuff that body
comedy a good night guy
Indiana Jones doesn't like snakes Karen
Allen with the thing in her mouth
putting your hand in a thing to pull on
another thing
throwing guys off of the truck don't
touch anything
rushing water going up high and looking
down on something get your hands off me
Pat over eyes weird gruesome death
Indiana Jones with the rocket launcher
things crawling on you and a cave you
kind of have to approach them this movie
as if the others never happened
nice try asshole
continued in part two
part-2 jonesing for indiana now enough
with the stupid plot let's talk about
our title character our adventure - Gus
- more men like the Indiana Jones films
and women and it's not cuz they're
history buffs they like racist humor or
they want to stick it in Allison's duty
hole it's because secretly we all want
to be Indiana Jones Indiana Jones is the
epitome of what all men strive to be
he's handsome he's intelligent he
punches people he's single sleeps around
he's got cash he punches people he
travels the world he could sleep with
any of the students he uses a whip he
punches people he bangs his students in
the locker room women love him he goes
on adventures he punches people he can
shoot people and get away with it and so
on I can't stress this fact enough it's
the appeal of the movies it's not the
character yeah I said it Indiana Jones's
character is unrealistic and not
terribly complicated one Indiana Jones
Adventure is like a lifetime of
adventures for a normal person and he
goes on them every day in real life this
guy's face would be deformed from
getting punched so many times he
probably have brain damage or it would
have been arrested or maybe died from
some weird foreign disease
it's his invulnerability his lock-in his
charm that make him admirable
he's the man's man from adventure
cereals one is 68 years old and barely
keeping up with the action you don't
want to be him is he too old to play
Anita Jones and he wasn't at 55 and by
the way he sure ate at 65 part-time it's
kind of amazing the Lucas and Spielberg
didn't understand the core appeal of
these movies before deciding to make
another one and I'm sure he's got
another ten years left in it he wants to
do something like this
again sure their adventure films and fun
and whatever but it's not the character
people like it's the idea of the
character because being awesome is
inspiring no one gives a crap when
Indiana Jones is doing in 1957 or that
he gets back together with Marion Craven
would we want to vicariously live his
adventures this is one case where I
would have actually prefer to remake
this whole concept can clearly be
documented in thousands and thousands of
home movies and first amateur films
being about Indiana Jones
in fact many film makers very first
movies were little Indiana Jones Jones
for further example if you're still not
getting what I'm saying cuz your brain
don't work right or you forgot to take
your brain medicine the appeal of
something like The Fast and the Furious
movies is two young men who like cars
speed women and being awesome
it's vicarious entertainment the
suburban Latino youth with the souped-up
Honda Accord would love to be Vin Diesel
driving whatever kind of car he drives
so imagine it's the future time and it's
like 2038 or whatever and someone has
the brilliant idea to make a new movie
called less fast not so furious and then
cast all the same actors and then try to
market it to the same audience just
doesn't work the appeal of the movies
not Paul Walker's character it's being
Paul Walker's character this is not
awesome also this is not awesome no I
mean I just this is awesome to pass
yourself this one simple question if
Indiana Jones is a real character with
depth to the point where we actually
cared about him then wouldn't it have
been okay for him not to wear his
signature costume right Captain Kirk
wore different uniforms but you say no
you can't have an Indiana Jones film
without him wearing the leather jacket
and the whip and the hat you could take
it still from each of the four movies of
him in the Hat a little coke and I don't
think you'd be able to figure out which
one was which Spielberg Lucas Kennedy
Marshall and everyone involved in the
project would instantly dismiss that
idea that's precisely because the
character is just the Hat the Hat is
great the whip is great Harrison looks
great in the Hat with the jacket holding
the whip no one wants to be old and no
one wants to get this girl in the end
they want to get this girl in the end
I suspect this is the reason why they
cast Shia LaBeouf in the film's Indies
adventurous son but what is a totally
different character he's not intelligent
experienced or worldly like Indiana
Jones he's not really worthy of the
adventure
he's like a dumb idiot that dropped out
of school and he's not the focus of the
movie and to make matters worse this
move it is a lame-ass watered-down movie
even though it didn't appear to be on
the surface you may not have noticed it
but your brain did now it's my favorite
subject of all number 7 murder another
real problem with this film is the lack
of grit sure people die but it's
cartoony and often indirect what do I
mean by indirect I mean Indiana Jones
doesn't fucking murder anyone you see
everyone is always trying to kill
Indiana Jones so in turn if you fuck
with them they'll kill you right back
now I've analyzed these films with the
team of dead people in order to catalog
how many people Indiana Jones murders by
his direct actions let's take a look
shall we
Raiders of the Lost Ark he shoots this
guy right in the face he shoots the
gunman he shoots the sword guy he shoots
the first Egyptian guy in the truck
Venice shoots the truck driver in the
head then Indiana Jones intentionally
rammed a car off a cliff killing three
Nazis then he throws the guy in front of
the truck certainly dies a horrible
fucking death nine direct murders the
Temple of Doom and Janna Jones first
murder comes in the first 30 seconds of
the movie when it kills a guy with
flaming shish kebab Beni shoots the
Tommy gun guy in the car
he throws two guys into a little flaming
lava pit uses the counterbalance of a
guy getting killed by a rock crushing
thing to pull himself up to a catwalk
instead of helping him I don't blame him
that guy kept fucking hitting him causes
a deadly minecart accident killing at
least
lastly Indiana Jones intentionally cuts
a bridge in half causing 11 people to
either fall to their deaths or get eaten
by crocodiles total direct murders 21
the Last Crusade Indiana Jones purposely
kicks a guy off the boat to drown in the
ocean murders three Nazi soldiers in
cold blood with a machine gun
intentionally traps five people in a
room to burn to death including a woman
most likely kills this guy in a
motorcycle kills three Nazis with one
bullet total direct murders 13 Kingdom
of the Crystal Skull shoots a poison
dart back in the mouth of some guy total
direct murders one and I'm just assuming
that guy died even though the poison
dart would have been facing the other
way right he does look like he dies from
being poisoned big deal who hasn't
killed some tribal guy by blowing into
his blowgun backwards to make him choke
on his own poisoned dart I did that just
last week at the Safeway you see Indiana
Jones films need to be brutal fucking
movies with lots of people die horribly
murdering people is heroic and I don't
give a damn if your Hollywood focus
group and market research people tell
you that kids like these movies fuck
kids fuck the elderly fuck families fuck
everyone this Crystal Skull movies
fucking wig it's fucking Shark Week I
don't mean weak like a shark I mean the
Shark Week show I don't like it very
much
I don't thank God my pizza rolls are
done I need to take a break from
thinking about this movie bus I'm kind
of hungry hmm I like it when the goo
just starts to come out and wait a
minute it's a cat poop I smell my cat's
pooped a gun the guy at the pet store
said they would never poop goddamn it
and my litter box is right next to my
oven this fucking smell of cat poop is
gonna make me sick now I gotta get down
on my old knees Oh
and clean out that smell it's gonna make
me throw up while he's cleaning up the
Scotch it is momentarily made me forget
about this Indiana Jones film wait a man
what's this oh no it won't leave me
alone like the stink of cat poop fuck
everything take it I'll take it
fuck this movie I'm gonna snap it I'm
gonna snap it like Bambi's neck and then
make it look like she killed her self in
the back oh wait ronberry Indiana Jones
and the politics of doom the very first
line Indiana Jones says in this movie is
wrong Russians I have a feeling Indy was
supposed to say Russians I hate these
guys as a reference to his previous line
that's it I hate these guys
I haven't actually bothered to look into
this and I could be wrong but that's
just the impression I get by the way he
said it
Russians oh you got chopped and editing
or something
I'm sure someone at least suggested it
where I guess we wouldn't want to offend
anyone would we well too late for that
this is what's on the problems command I
got a deal with some delicate issues and
I ain't talking about my panties now the
obvious choice for villains given the
era is the Russians but there's kind of
a sad way of dealing with the whole
issue first of all I've always seen
Indiana Jones is a political it was
never Captain America USA USA nor was he
GI Joe USA USA oh wait I mean captain
adventure man and multinational Joe it
was just an archeology professor in a
pretty cosmopolitan guy technically it
was an American yes but he seemed sort
of almost above nationalism and would
look at things from a more worldly
perspective this is why I always found a
kind of odd that Indy was involved in
World War two
Shuri was smart and capable enough to be
an OSS agent but to me
it was just a college professor that
went off on archaeological adventures
not a military guy that's why this
briefing scene always felt a little
weird to me
I know Indy wouldn't have been some kind
of pussy conscientious objector because
he did fight in World War one when he
was young but at this stage in life I
don't know about secret missions or
whatever not exactly wrong per se just
felt a little odd maybe he just would
have been some kind of history or
military advisor or something so to
placate making the Soviets the bad guys
Spielberg and Lucas take reversed
potshots at the u.s. for some reason now
for those who haven't read a history
book or a too busy twittering let me
give you a quick history lesson there
was once a senator named Paul McCartney
who did these hearings to try to find
Russian spies and stuff there were some
actual convictions of Russian spies yes
and they're still actual Russian spies
today hey Anna call me my name is Harry
I want to spy on your pie I mean I want
to translate into Russian and that's all
I got so those earrings really got out
of hand
people got blacklisted careers and lives
were ruined and paranoia was rampant
that caused whole phenomenon Adam
Sandler films in fact arthur c clarke
splay the crucible about the Salem
Wolfman trials was a metaphor for all
this then I guess to show that we too
can be narrow-minded idiots the FBI guys
are played to be comical paranoid
villains questioning Indiana Jones's
patriotism in the middle of the United
States of America my country done for no
reason at all they show the silly
communists protest rally at the college
I bet he recognizes country anymore the
government's go to seeing communists to
shut up I'm talking now stuff like this
did really happen just not sure how
prevalent it was especially on a college
campus cher there was paranoia during
the Red Scare but in the 1950s college
students didn't protest that was more
like the late 1960s when everyone was on
drugs and the Vietnam War was happening
and they are protesting to stop the war
for pretty clear
to my point here isn't exactly on the
historical accuracy but rather what was
the overall point of the whole paranoia
subplot there went a lot further than
just to establish the mood of the
country in 1957 the guys ultimately
story wise it had no purpose and served
as a detriment to the overall film there
after being accused of being a communist
spy you recognized the gravity of your
situation you aided and abetted KGB
agents who broke into and design gets
fired from his job as a professor so
you're firing me and then that causes
him to get onto a train and run into
muck that was what everything led to
nothing
marklar had just come to his house or
shown up at the college how did money
even know that he was gonna be on this
train anyway
the point I'm trying to make was that
there was no point seriously there's not
even one scene at the end where the FBI
guys show up and say hey dr. Jones I
guess you're not a communist after all
you've proven us wrong please accept
this fruit basket as an apology
dr. Jones let's just say for now that
you are of interest to the bureau of
great interest and while Indy does get
his job back at the end there's no
mention about the communist plot line
again - so subplot served no purpose
whatsoever other than to show that
Americans can be just as bad as the
Russians but frankly your association
with George McHale makes all your
activities suspicious including those
during the war then if their angle
wasn't transparent enough max as this
well what can I say Jonesy
capitalist okay since when is one guy
being greedy attributed to an entire
economic system I've seen lots of other
characters and movie sellout people for
money or their own self-interests I got
four kids to feed they try to grab a
bunch of valuables at the end while
saving themselves or whatever but I've
never heard anyone ever say I'm a
capitalist ha seriously people have been
greedy since the dawn of time I'm pretty
sure Lucas wrote that line himself
because he's the most fervent anti
capitalist I've ever seen it's this
quasi tiptoeing around what's good and
what's bad that leaves this movie with
this bland feeling ivana spanked off
makes this threat we will change your
dr. Jones all of you from the inside we
will turn you into us in the best part
you won't even know it's happening but
the phone goes to great lengths to point
out that India is already brainwashed
good to see you too bad just on another
side so what's the difference do you
have any idea how many medals this son
of a bitch won three times I have
received order of landing also medalists
hero of socialist labor it's gonna get
switched over to another ideology that's
portrayed pretty much equal in nature
paranoid the FBI showed up this morning
ransacked your office searched all your
files militaristic
xenophobic nationalistic whatever the
film makes no effort to say in any way
that the USA is the good guys
and we were threatened with treason and
the Soviets are the bad guys so why the
fuck should I care but in a movie where
the threat is that the Russians are
trying to make a super weapon they make
a point to show that we already have a
super weapon giving the bad guys a
pretty understandable motivation that I
could see myself agreeing with now this
next level of weapon is ours to have hey
you guys get that mind weapon before
these paranoid goons nuke Moscow go our
Varna you go girl
the film is about a hero fighting
against bad guys and when the filmmakers
can't choose a clear side it affects the
overall film hmm so war all the other
villains well let's take a look shall we
what a fitting into your life's pursuits
that time is past in Honduras you were
accused of being
the healing power of the Grail is the
only thing that could save your father
now you're a hard man to read dr. Jones
keep your politics in your pocket number
nine things I just didn't understand
there's a few minor things that don't
make much sense to me I'm gonna tell you
all about them now if you know what it
meant or what happened please email me
at I don't give a shit what you think at
Indiana Jones calm number one when what
throws Indiana of the knife it lands on
his shoulder then he knocks it into his
hand we hear a ripping sound just cut
too much and much like and then the next
shot India's free I thought at first he
dropped the knife but Danny didn't he
just caught himself free
what was that ripping sound and what did
it mean did Indy split his pants what
the fuck is Mack saying at the end Indy
throws him the whip and it's like hang
on wait a minute what was that was that
the curling knife scar what was that
doing here how did these aliens get it
did they glue it back together or they
bring it back now fuck it the Mack looks
at him and he winks and he says I'm
gonna bail
I'll be alright what what did the alien
vortex make his mind weird what the hell
does that mean it's excited to get
sucked up into the vortex with dollars
Capital three I understand these Indian
guys guard the secrets of whatever
they're looking for but did these people
just sit in the walls all day waiting
for someone to come into this place that
no one has ever discovered wouldn't they
get bored do they get breaks are they
ghosts
I guess not because they all got shot
it's as fresh as your just use oh the
torch was one I guess they saw them
coming and then decided to hide inside
the walls so if they saw them coming why
would they then hide in the walls and
break apart the walls that they spent so
long carving do they just wait around
for someone to find this lost city with
no one's found in ten thousand years of
what are for Indiana Jones pronounces
nuclear wrong what exactly am I being
accused of besides surviving a nuclear
blast not sure if this is a joke or a
mistake he is a college professor after
all what do you guys think let me know
post a comment on my website and don't
forget to Like us on Facebook and follow
us on Twitter hey so I did Mac wait so
long to betray Indiana Jones he could
have done it at the moment that they
picked him up in Mexico did he want to
ride in a hot trunk for a thousand miles
with him I once for one of my grandkids
and I forget which one inside the trunk
of a car to teach him a lesson
unfortunately he didn't learn the lesson
because he died
why did these boxes explode when cars
hit things they always explode maybe
they were filled with explosives was
Marion Ravenwood wearing a push-up bra
this is a question that I feel is very
important to her why did mut need to
bring along his motorcycle on the plane
why did they feel the need to do that if
he didn't use it at all later in the
mare this is my thing what this is my
thing
what are you talking about I I ask the
questions live some questions of my own
you're not even remotely related to this
movie your former fucking Star Trek
movie that doesn't mean I can't ask
questions
it's a fuck out of my video what I said
get the fuck out of my video number 10
the ending or just let's just talk about
the ending or whatever so there bring
the Scullion room with the Italian
Schultz and sit and do nothing so were
the aliens all like one creature was the
alien alive all this time and just stuck
in our dimension in 13 skeleton form the
room spins around but it wasn't a room
apples but it was the inside of a flying
saucer
then Ivana Trump has the skull and it
flies out of her hand and it sticks to
the neck of one of the guys that's
missing his head ordered the alien lose
his head down the aliens combined into
one cartoon alien catalogs parted one
creature up 13 skeletons and then Ivana
says things and then evaporates then
everyone runs away and then we see that
it was an alien space saucer the flying
saucers like the one that crashed into
Roswell was that from another dimension
why didn't the film tell us what
happened at the end did they just make
this ending up on the spot cows so
aliens came to earth and they buried
their trench mutational spaceship
underground and pretended to be gods
with golden Thrones and then collected
up a bunch of artifacts from around the
world showed the Incans or the Mayans or
whatever the fuck these people are how
to build a build a pyramid and then then
one alien cut his own hat off
none buried it in a ditch and then they
all waited around in Thrones for someone
to put their head back on so that they
could all stick together and become a
creature that creature would look at
them and then they would all turn into a
vortex and suck up everything and then
the spaceship would turn this thing the
Mayan temple would collapse and then
water would make a new lake sucking
everything up at any trace that they
have been there porcupines why don't
they just leave 10,000 years ago or go
that I don't even know what have fuck
happened at number 11 the grandfather
clause if you make Indiana Jones part
five with the same team I'm just not
sure it'll work again that is unless
Spielberg and Lucas regrow their
testicles it was the 80s
there's simpler times and they weren't
grandparents I think Karen Allen
explains it all best right here with
Stephen he's a different man really in
many many ways I mean in many ways he
sees the same man too but you know I saw
the filmmaker when I worked with him the
first time
and working with him now I see the whole
man it's beautiful to watch him with his
kids he just became a grandfather and
you know it's beautiful to watch the
excitement that he feels I think you
know we've all grown up we're all 25
years old or I mean I wasn't married or
nor did I have a child in either so
we've all become parents
particularly satisfying to come back
together I guess with such a huge gap so
you're really you meeting the same
person but you're meeting person who's
really grown and scraped in the foams do
have some pretty terrible ways to die
but all the realism was lost the
grittiness was gone as was the
propensity for casual violence thing as
these two filmmakers are more mature
more responsible and less risky this is
a result of age trust me I know I'm a
hundred and sixteen years old they've
got families to think about box office
returns and the kids don't forget about
the kids these movies should be for
everyone and Raiders a monkey gets
poisoned to death in the Temple of Doom
they eat monkey brains and in Raiders
and last we say live snakes and rats are
burned respectively that means like in
the order that I subunit I would of and
the Crystal Skull there are happy
prairie dogs and silly monkeys that are
cute seed in fact one opportunity to
kill an animals warded don't worry kids
he hung on and made it at least they had
the nerve to squish a bug although I'm
sure they cleared it first with patty
come to think of it I don't think we
ever even see a human physically get
shot in this movie ever you know with
the blood burst and all the first thing
that stuck out to me was when the
Russians ambushed the US base they
machine gun like four or five soldiers
and it's all off camera
where's Paul Verhoeven's when you need
them they show the dead soldiers being
dragged up but there ain't no blood
that's the gun shot you called out a
gunshot wound they also shoot all the
Indians too but a gun its off-camera
that's it
you call that slaughtering Indians just
shame the memory of General Custer with
this movie if they showed the initial
murders of the u.s. soldiers in the
beginning it might have helped to make
us not like the Russians then these guys
dying looks like a cartoon video game
wacky hijinx happen
Russians fall off the cliff Indy punches
people off the truck but no one ever
gets violently machine gun to death
Marian doesn't kill nine guys on a truck
in cold blood Henry Jones doesn't
casually fire a tank shell into a truck
with 19 men killing them all with no
remorse
whoops Indy drop the gun and it went off
and he ran away
yay just like the Saturday morning kids
show because there's some punching and
shooting and explosions and chasing you
think it's an Indiana Jones film but
it's not there's the illusion of grit
but it's missing the teeth
from wily coyotes rocket antics to the
bone crushing concussion inducing an
internal organ damaging fridge scene to
marion raven woods wild theme park car
ride when he got people in a vehicle
without fucking seatbelts three of which
are elderly slamming into the water with
that kind of force and no injuries of
any kind well I could see the tension
dissolving right before my eyes the
Indiana Jones films have never been the
most realistic films
they've been filled with hokey action
and time expanding Spielberg E and
editing that much is true but when you
have two filmmakers who seem to be
trying to compete with other
contemporary action films and video
games and who are seemingly unwilling to
show graphic realistic violence and want
to make a fun for the whole family type
of movie it's a very bad combination and
even after a two-hour long action chase
scene this classic bare-knuckle indiana
jones fight scene that the russian guys
the best thing about the whole end of
the film i wanted to take your phony
green screen with you and go off to
Hollywood just all the wait the problems
are basically this one indiana jones
can't be old to indiana jones needs to
murder more people and three the action
needs to be realistic and practical
spielberg has matured not just as a
filmmaker but as a person and he wants
to keep these movies a little cleaner
anybody want to watch ET with me long
gone are the days of a simple and fully
practical truck chase scene or the
excellent tank sequence
now I'm totally okay with doing some
things you can't do practically with a
computer like say this there are those
little things that would just be really
difficult to do but the jungle chase
sequence didn't really need all the
stuff it was enhanced to such a point
where it started to look fake fake to me
now to be fair miniatures rear screen
projection green-screen and matte
paintings were essentially the CGI of
the past or at least it was all real
most people had no idea that half of the
minecart chase was all in miniature
because it was pretty seamless the
jungle stuff just kind of sits with you
wrong something's not quite real about
it and your brain knows it let's not
move Indiana Jones into a 21st century
techno thriller where did you just say
and lastly since the cat changed
Harrison Ford's age might as well just
stop making these movies what
Spielberg himself said he was done with
the series I'm done with this series
there's really not much more you can do
with it or the character it just feels
like treading water I mean he did find
the Holy Grail
Spielberg undid the Last Crusade with
Indy riding off into the sunset for a
reason because I thought that brought
the curtain down on the trilogy and then
we were all going to move on and mature
into other aspects of filmmaking and I
never thought I would ever see any other
Jones again kind of like the enterprise
at the end of Star Trek 6 but they once
again drugged him out of retirement for
one last shot at embarrassment wait how
did these sports images end up in my
video so other than the obvious why was
this movie made
maybe Harrison Ford wanted a little
boost to his ego and his career after
such it's like Hollywood homicide and
firewall maybe it's the bloated egos of
these legends trying to recapture their
former glory or maybe it really is that
they just have lots of fun making these
movies I'd like to think of
as simple as that I was happy to do
another Indiana Jones film just because
there's so much damn fun I guess we'll
never know will we all we do know is
that this wasn't the movie that the fans
wanted if they really wanted a movie at
all we all loved Indiana Jones yes but
everybody needs that part of their brain
that says we better not you know it's
the part of your brain that turns on
when you crave something that you know
you can't or shouldn't have and then you
stop yourself well my friends it's time
to go my wheelchair is calling and it's
starting to get dark outside I'll leave
you with these thoughts smart lad to
slip bedtimes away from fields where
glory does not stay and early though the
laurel grows it withers quicker than the
rose ours the shady Knight has shut
cannot see the record cut and silence
sounds no worse than cheers after Earth
has stopped the ears now you will not
swell the rout of lads that wore their
honours out runners whom renown outran
and the name God
so set before it circles wait a minute I
can't stop reviewing movies
who's gonna review Lenny the wonder dog
starring Andy Richter poster dunya
fuck this I'm gonna get a copy of this
movie fuck that movie fuck dog movies I
gotta review the Matrix films I gotta
talk about Terminator Salvation oh shit
I got a review the Twilight Saga this
fucking for movies I got a watchdog
what's gonna stop the travesty of Avatar
2 when it comes out shit I gotta talk
about the Phantom Menace in 3d an attack
of the columns in 3d and Revenge of the
search in 3d sit what about Reds Hill
