Jun 24, 2011
Mr. Plinkett's Cop Dog Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlaZTPYPFEA
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/84360111958659072
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/photos/a.394801597633/10150224227977634

cop dog is one of the worst cop movies I've ever seen
it's right up there with kid cop, cop out, and cop cop
now normally I wouldn't ever review a fucking kids movie except for babies stay out
but this fucking movie deserves it just for sucking so much
now after analyzing over 15,000 films on a suck ability index
chart cop dog rated just slightly above
another film with the ninety eight point
zero seven suck rating it was this shot
that put it over the edge to make it my
next review huh
I feel so dirty I think I need to go
take a shower with Barbra Streisand
hang loose so this movie is horrible
shitty and lazy I mean even one cop and
a half half faster it was still
three-quarters cop wait I gotta check my
mouth on that
yeah I'm right that's good number one
cop dog is neither a cop nor dog this
movie barely qualifies as a movie that
should be dignified with the title of
cop dog why is that well like I said
there's no cop or a dog in the movie the
dogs are fucking ghosts no I'm not
kidding you the dog is dead so can't be
a dog or cop at that point it can only
be a ghost what the fuck if they made a
movie about when my dead wife appears at
the foot of my bed in the middle of the
night whispering
it wouldn't be called dollar store
cashier wife it'd be called
fuck off ghost but I digress I suppose
it was a dog for a brief part of the
movie and it was a police dog so he was
a cop dog I guess but it's not for like
five minutes of the movie or whatever so
anyway cop dog is supposed to be like a
kids movie I guess I mean look at the
poster it's about as misleading as you
can get because it looks like a single
on video for babies but they later
changed the poster to look like this so
that the film would
to be more about a cop dog and less
about crap number to the plot so this
film starts off like most other normal
kids movies do with the trip to a
graveyard Little Billy or whatever the
fuck his name was wants to visit his
dad's dead body even though he doesn't
bother to get out of the car and then
the weird thing is is that he wants to
go every day can we go in tomorrow for
anyway the mom talks to her dead husband
styrofoam the HUD stone aah
but kids are loving this movie already
especially little kids with the dead
parent so to make this scene a little
less creepy they put a photo of the dad
on the headstone but it's like the worst
photo ever I mean why did the filmmakers
pick this what about his official police
photo or something but then there's like
this horribly distracting shape on the
picture that looks like the symbol for
the pause button
what the hell is that is that a
reflection some Braley's recently
deceased father was a cop and his
partner was of course the cop dog who
was suffering from post partnered
depression get it I said got it an
effort to never let her son stop
dwelling on the death of his father the
mom now takes the boy to see the
father's police dog for no reason at all
now I don't know what kind of breed this
dog is but it looks like some kind of
mud cop dogs are usually German
Shepherds unless they're tracking dogs
or bloodhounds or whatever but a German
Shepherd probably wouldn't care that the
dad died and would probably try to rip
this kids fucking face off when he
touched him Piketty doggy friends but
for a second the movie it's a fluffy
wimpy family dog bullshit dog solve any
crimes lately solve any crimes lately
what police dogs don't solve crimes you
fucking stupid idiot so instead of
guiding her metrosexual son a haircut
and slapping them across the face the
mano agrees to let barely adopt Marlow
the cop dog or whatever
okay then yes this will do nothing but
remind little Johnny everyday that his
father is dead having fun yet kids
anyone want to go back to the graveyard
so they take Marlow home and the dog
immediately starts to cause problems
like well trained police dogs generally
do it tears up the couch then heats the
mom's shoe I need that shoe yeah what oh
you you just don't need one shoe
so I'm Marla fines the father's death
shrine which is left illuminated 24
hours a day and we learn more about the
dead father when the film becomes a
horrible prozac ad we learned that the
father liked cliched looking vintage
crime solving books I was also some kind
of childlike retard based on his
handwriting at least he spelled all the
words right
but for the love of God who made this
movie oh I mean first the fucking pause
button and now this looks like a six
year old rodent anyway back to death and
depression this is worse than Star Trek
nemesis number three look how goes the
bear Lee's uncle just happens to be a
ghost expert and brings along
photographic evidence that ghosts exist
but nobody's impressed whatever idiot
I'm cooking pasta as dialog provides
convenient information about our spirits
can be trapped on earth by ghostly
chains unable to pass on after death
because of immense sadness and guilt
yeah but it's not like living I mean if
they don't resolve whatever it is that
binds them to this world a minute
they're gonna forget everything sets up
what is laughingly to be called our plot
something about the dads death and the
kid dealing with it or finding out who
killed him or whatever really I thought
this movie was going to be about a cop
dog wait let's stop for a moment and
take a look at this plague on our nation
no I'm not talking about Ke$ha I'm
talking about kids movies there's a lot
of cheap kitty pet movies they're the
biggest direct to dumpster genre right
next to horror films the slap disc wrap
together and put on a picture of a
fucking dog on the cover and then call
it something like mall cop dog to get
dumb parents to rent it for their dumb
kids I think this film was originally
called Marley
and was intended to be directed by Todd
salons but instead they said and the
script has something to do with the dog
let's just call it cop dog without
realizing that the script was supposed
to be a dark psychological thriller I
can see why Amazon user Cathy said this
heartwarming yeah right
my daughter who's 10 freaked out when
she saw Marlow get hit by a car and
killed especially since that happened
one of our tags a few years ago then the
dog is a ghost and there's some sort of
time limit before something bad happens
now she's freaking out again afraid to
love nightmares
I didn't read very far into the plot
synopsis so I didn't realize that that
got killed had I known that I would have
never rented it PG doesn't necessarily
mean good sense or actually appropriate
for sensitive kids motherfucker what
kind of an idiot would take the time to
review a children's movie anyways you
must be a real stupid asshole you see
there's an endless stream of his dog
crap coming out of every hole possible
let's look at some now there's cool dog
dog gone the dog father soccer dog
soccer dog European Cup firehouse dog
karate dog telemarketer dog monster mutt
Santa Paws dog detective Ghost Dog good
boy
administrative services manager dog
Beethoven Beethoven second Beethoven's
third Beethoven's fourth Beethoven's
fifth Beethoven's big break space
buddies snow buddies rusty Frank Shiba
chestnut bingo and Cebu's select the
retrievers my magic dog the dog who
saved Christmas the dog who ruined
Christmas the dog that got shot out back
for ruining Christmas these movies all
tend to be pretty similar and I'm now
going to go through all the similarities
in excruciating detail each star dumb
kid usually a limp-wristed pussy
Hollywood actor boy with the metrosexual
haircut who has a recently deceased
parent
and cool dog the boy's mother is dead
same with firehouse dog captain phase B
Orion captain Fahey that's Captain Pike
they got the name wrong
fighting cop dog it's the dad who's dead
however in soccer yeah hey wait a minute
you know what to save time I'm just
gonna talk about all these movies at
once ready to start least an eye on the
Famicom he's gotta come oh wow what a
horrible idea was to do that because I
totally forgot to include karate dog in
Santa Paws however despite the
similarities in the details most of
these movies are at the very least what
their title implies take soccer dog for
example soccer dog is about a dog to
play soccer
there's no weird Exorcist crap in it and
most importantly soccer dog never gets
hit by a car and dies plays fucking
soccer a goddamn firehouse dog takes
place in a firehouse and the dog becomes
a firehouse dog you got it gee I wasn't
expecting that from movie called
firehouse dog fuck my problem with cop
dog is that it's a totally misleading
title the curtain is older girlfriend do
all the investigating what they do is
stupid it makes no sense anyways is is
too much to think about when I've had
drinks number four the crime the cop dog
has no part in solving so core anomic
plays the lead villain in this movie
which now proves that eventually Parker
Lewis can't lose
so this guy and his buddy have been
robbing homes in the neighborhood I mean
he could protect us from all those
burglaries and then hiding some of the
valuables in this thing in the woods
underground that they have a key for and
then also hiding stolen things that are
bigger inside the square house building
that's nearby it's also right near where
the dad got killed by them investigating
this very same series of crimes we
establish this fact by having Marlow
lead us right to the scene of the crime
not because Marlowe's a police dog but
because they established that Marlowe
has a case of the knot gaze by having a
female dog appear out of nowhere for no
reason you see I know it's a female dog
because it has little pink ribbons on it
said we wouldn't want to give the
impression that Marla was a gay would we
even another dog movies they still feel
need to have that scene where the dog
sees like a girl dog and is sexually
attracted to it or something
or I can't they leave the sex stuff out
of a kid's movie I mean kids have up
until they're 8 to start having sex
leaving with those precious few years of
innocence for God's sake by the way how
does a dog tell what gender another dog
is they all look the same to me
is it when they sniff each other's
booties can they smell a female dogs
cunt it's like when I go out to the club
and I see a nice lady I don't know if
she's a tranny until I rip her skirt off
in the alley
anyway so Marlo chases after the female
dog but then runs past the dog he's
chasing for some reason Jesus Christ who
is this dog's trainer Michael Vick did
you get that joke it's because Michael
Vick would often throw passes that will
go well ahead of the intended receiver
anyway so the wooded area where the dad
was killed is within walking distance of
their house and right off the bat in the
movie we learned that the criminals
killed the dad even taking his hat and
that they hang around this area because
the one guy keeps sticking his true gum
all over the tree right next to their
secret hiding place they also keep all
the other stolen goods in a building
that's nearby as well so if the real
cops couldn't figure this one out
then the movie needs a cop dog right
that's right cop dog chased those
criminals down take them into the
station and have a movie oh it just got
hit by a car um kid he needs like an
emergency helicopter evac and the trauma
surgeon not just water why are you what
is it about the water he got hit by a
fucking car so Bobby's new friend is now
dead and he has to attend yet another
funeral a great idea mom maybe when you
decided to adopt Marlo was the appletini
talking eh this review sponsored by
Applebee's proudly serving shitty food
and weak alcoholic drinks to fat
middle-aged moms everywhere motherfucker
anyway johnny is given a magic Jesus
whistle that was Marlo's and causes him
to come back to life
or causes his ghost to come back and
then do nothing at all the kid done
teams up with some girl and they begin
to investigate the dad's unsolved murder
because the police have forgotten about
the case typically unsolved comp mothers
are low priority to a police department
so the girl thinks the kid is nuts for
seeing a ghost cop dog Robby and even
though she hasn't yet had her first
period she decides to help them anyways
so this is what cop dog makes you want
to punch something it's not necessarily
because there is no cop or dog in the
film it's because it's played out as a
crime mystery movie that these intrepid
little jerks try to solve but they tell
us what happened in the beginning
typically the audience is not told what
the mystery is in a fucking mystery
movie there's no mystery and there's no
cop dog so it's fucking boring so now we
got to sit through this stupid shit so I
have this convoluted plan to gather
up all this chewed gum from the crime
scene where they saw the robber zap then
they go and somehow get all the past
receipts from convenience stores in the
area hey um we were wondering if we
could have copies of your receipts for
the past couple weeks I didn't know they
would do that just give out all the
receipts from the past couple of weeks
so just some stupid kids then they
collect up the chewed gum by many
different kinds of new gum available at
the store figure out what gum is why and
was bought where and when then they
stake out the store to see who comes
back at the same time to get more the
same gum well who's to say this person
doesn't come back ever for a totally
different time or get gum at a different
store or decide not to chew gum anymore
or maybe decide to get new gum that he
never tried before or just leave town
altogether and I can't even follow this
plot but in order to figure out what gum
is the gum that is the gum they need to
chew it and taste it for some reason
this is the gist of their plan and I
guess the scene is supposed to be funny
or whatever
see it's not so bad but it's just
strange and it goes on for way too long
meanwhile Marlo the cop dog looks out
the window and then later is bored and
falls asleep if you're going to have a
cop dog than have a cop dog this isn't
for dog by the way why are all these
kids movies about dogs never cats cats
are always the villains like the Siamese
twins cats Kitty galore creepy things
like the Cheshire Cat or the much bigger
cats that they put in musicals you never
see like a cat cop movie why why not
well I guess it's because cats are
fucking creepy also dogs can be trained
cats won't give you the time of day in
fact the only sort of video you can make
with them is something like jingle cats
or even none they just sit there bored
and looking at you look you're an idiot
for putting them in a video like this
but in this situation they're probably
right my cat however will have the
starring role in my new instructional
cooking video called eating pussy a
guide to preparing feline meat let me
show you a clip from the first video I'm
working on now part 1 preparing the
pussy first you gotta take a cat and
it's got to be alive because then it's
the freshest meat then you got to shove
it under the sauce fucking cut it apart
tricera part to meat preparation after
the saw part you'll have quite the mess
on your hand we just try to separate the
fur and the bones from the delicious
meat you must tell the doctor that like
watching button don't talk to me now max
my instructional cooking for the Obon
talking in my ear stop it so back to cop
dog the kid finds the building where the
criminals all hide their stolen goods
everything inside there look like it had
been stolen Johnny is so lazy that he
pushes his weight on the poor girl to
help him stand up they lead the cops of
the building but they don't really care
or they don't bother to match any of the
stuff inside with descriptions of items
that were reported stolen
looked like isn't really the kind of
evidence that we can use who wants to
solve a crime knock cops and this cop is
so stupid that he thinks these two dudes
live together inside the storage
building in the woods and even if these
guys are hiding stolen property they're
not gonna keep it where they live it's
time for the cop dog to solve this crow
then the mom talks to his shirt and
smells it then the robbers sneak into
their house to try to get their key back
to the thing in the woods when they're
inside the house they steal a pizza
coupon
and our jar of chocolate sauce for no
reason that was left out on the counter
the kid realizes the criminals were in
the house and also that it's the
one-year anniversary of his dad's death
which somehow adds a ticking clock
element to the script even though it
doesn't because something happens on the
one-year anniversary that makes no sense
like to cop dog vanishes or something hi
I'm here day less than a week you have
to resolve this by then Robby you have
to resolve it or else Marlowe will be
lost so the kid and the little girl have
very little time to stop the robbers
from doing something I don't even know
why the robbers just gonna leave town
already so okay so so the kids sneak
into the house with no plan whatsoever
and the dog jumps through people and
then they do this pointless puppet show
to pretend they're ghosts and then
something happens and then the criminals
are caught somehow but the real story
and cop dog is about Tommy learning to
let his dad go I mean I didn't mean to
hurt you
I just I couldn't lose you a kid dad dad
me Marlo and to also let Marlo go and to
eventually let his mom go after she's
murdered in the Applebee's parking lot
and Timmy has his Oscar moment when he
says goodbye to Marlo I never had to go
I always do it's just I'm gonna miss you
more alone and leaves him with a very
special message to carry on where you're
going
if you see my dad if you just tell him
about Oh Marlo wait
Marlo just ran away
then the dad's ghost appears he turns
into a spirit thing or something but all
my mom can think about is
I figured you'd be needing it more than
me now dad trust me that boy gets into
all sorts of trouble
see talkin to a headstone but doesn't he
know they don't talk back but the end
Johnny gets a new puppy which the film
implies that Marlowe is the father of
because Marla wait a minute no one said
anything about a puppy I love puppies
puppies are great the fact that there's
a puppy in this movie makes it suck a
little bit less gonna have to
recalculate my movie suck ability index
chart okay I got to put on my reading
glasses first okay got ahead in the
puppy found a plus two times square root
PI but just by nineteen point nine eight
six multiplied typing factor a puppy
added to compound equation and then
people oh oh
Oh
I don't even know who I am anymore
fucked me Oh
