May 5, 2015
Cinco de Star Wars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93uSIKzPmik
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/595720460358328320
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152879608472634

star wars the force awakens is the most disappointing thing since my son
what's extra for the gun a bit hi
everyone it's me mr. blanket and I'm
finally back again to talk to you
briefly about the new trailer that's out
everybody's talking about it
the ridiculous six the new Adam Sandler
comedy in fact this film is so
anticipated tickets to see it are
already being scalped it's gonna be a
hit
anyway when I'm really talking about is
the second Star Wars The Force awakens
trailer and while reaction videos to
these Star Wars trailers are nothing new
they mostly consist of and OH
analyze yelling and screaming by
loudmouth idiots
what the fuck is wrong with these people
no one cares what you think about a
trailer okay now to tell you what I
think about a trailer number one
pointless speculation while we're down
or not be without endless and pointless
speculation sure I could use my time to
volunteer at a homeless shelter read to
the blind or push some dying crippled
kid in his wheelchair outside in a park
or wherever but I'm going to speculate
about a movie that will come out in
eight months and that I'll forget about
in eight minutes I'll do what I want
with my time this is America and you
know this force awakens second trailer
is much like the last one movies gonna
be so worth shattering it's gonna change
everything yeah it's all the same shit
just tell us what the movie is about
fuck all this remember one trailers or
the trailers it's an epic of heroes
get a life okay no talk endlessly about
song number two new things in the Star
Wars universe so the first thing we all
know is that there's a black guy and a
stormtrooper costume which for some
reason assholes on the internet it's
some kind of problem with you people
make me sick and that's pretty hard to
do coming from the guy who once ate a
cat alive for mixed Easter when it's
uncooked an hijo after viewing the
second trailer it's pretty apparent
there he's a good guy who stowed away on
an imperial ship or something I'm gonna
guess he's the guy flying the TIE
fighter shooting lasers at the bad guys
so what there's a black guy in a white
stormtrooper uniform big deal I'm not
going to be upset when we find out that
the guy in this uniform is louis c.k it
all got more wider than him I have a
feeling that this new Star Wars film
will be different from your Grandpa's
Star Wars there'll have a black guy that
doesn't sell out his friends a girl Jedi
who I assume is going to be Leia or
Luke's daughter and a Mexican that we
can finally understand yeah things are
changing you know yet what the x number
three what we can guess from what we see
well I guess sometime in the past a Star
Destroyer crashed on this planet which
is probably Tatooine but probably won't
be because it'll annoy me kinda like
this wasn't lv-426
what the fuck we also see a trashed
x-wing in the foreground so I assume
there is some kind of battle here
apparently the Empire still hasn't
learned to not fuck with the rebels
Jesus rise all right guess all this
trash was left over from the alleged
random battles versus the umpire that
supposedly took place during the end of
Return of the Jedi
you know everyone over wherever we're
started attacking the Empire took them
all down to once yeah right
and I guess even though ninety years ago
cartoon aliens could clone people Luke
still can't get a hand hey that's not
funny I mean one that's not robotic or
maybe that's the hand of this evil Sith
guard touching r2d2 look he's got a
robotic hand I think that's him
or is that Luke because Luke's
voiceovers playing I don't know oh oh
wait that's Darth Vader's head the last
time we saw Darth Vader his body was
being burned at an Ewok party a party
that was apparently too wild so George
Lucas changed the music to light jazz
thanks George Lucas you keep ruining
everything George Lucas is so bad he
even ruined World War two for blacks
Tuskegee Airmen I'm so so sorry
well is there talking about Star Wars oh
yeah
anywho now they show us that someone
apparently saved our Grave robbed
Vader's head then there's this weird
drawing of like a Sith Lord holding his
head up
what is this Hamlet it's like poetry or
rhymes again it's like poetry so if they
run
and by the way Internet no this does not
look like me I'm much more ugly so why
is Vader's head there that some asshole
producer at Disney say we need to get
Darth Vader back in this shit are they
gonna dig up those Globo viens and clone
him from his burnt-out skull DNA my
guess is yes that's exactly what's gonna
happen cuz it's stupid the resurrection
of Darth Vader though would mean big
box-office bucks in 2017 or 2019 or 2020
- or 2026 or 2028 take that Marvel
speaking of digging up corpses Harrison
Ford Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill are
back of course
now in my opinion the only one that
should have come back was Luke Leia and
Han stories have already been told just
look around you so they were in Jedi
when he comes back I won't get in the
way
and at 40 years old Leia still hadn't
realized she had the fucking force in
her mark hamill is now pretty old in
real life so him being an old Luke
obi-wan type is perfect it brings things
full circle again it's like poetry so if
they ride our Han Solo
or does he gonna do him and Chewie are
the two characters from the original
films that we do see in this new trailer
apparently they find the Millennium
Falcon after some time you know like
being apart from a turd they're losing
after something
Chewie
there's my problem it's only about a
notion that Han and Chewie were best
friends since Jedi really and episode 4
a new hope Han kept Julie around because
he was large intimidating and violent on
regarded the Millennium Falcon more so
as an expensive sports car than a home
it was a means to an end
fast shit you've never heard of the
Millennium Falcon he boasted about how
fast it was and how he could smuggle
illegal shit in it really well it was
something he wanted a bet and he valued
monetarily your ship hey remember you
lost her to me fair and square
only and Jedi wasn't concerned with its
safety as his best friend yeah I just
got a funny feeling
because that movie was made for
five-year-olds
to go to wimpy and sappy with solo it'll
suck kind of like when they brought a
Leonard Nimoy back in Star Trek
it sucked you alone must take command of
your ship pop over your dead body
it suck just like it didn't Jedi Oh Han
Solo did was try and Hotwire a door
ain't do anything good and Jedi and it
sucked on Zoe's character is a big
asshole
he should have died at the end of empire
now he lives in a home no pun intended
with his best friend Chewie and
Chewbacca has an age today where's his
gray hair I better Harrison Ford sir
don't let that ape have any gray hair
it'll make me look old hey give it up
grandpa you're 80 the first thing that
happened on the size you broke your hip
we're trying to be cool if they play
house and Ford's trying to be the young
Han Solo it'll turn out just like you
know what part I'm number four I can't
wait for the new Star Wars movie as a
guy who said JJ Abrams would be the
perfect person to direct modern Star
Wars films I still stand by that it
makes amazing fun well paced exciting
sci-fi action films and is much more
suited to doing Star Wars than here's to
doing Star Trek I have a secret fear
though that his films will be too good
that kids today with their fast-paced ad
D movies and explosions will look back
at the original trilogy as outdated
quaint or at the very worst boring much
like people from the 70s and 80s
probably looked back at old Flash Gordon
serials
it's nice JJ seems to be doing things
correctly though using more practical
sets costumes props and utilizing CGI
appropriately unlike the way someone
else did it as long as these films
capture the magic adventure and wonder
that the original films did and aren't
terrible or insulting well I'll be happy
as a clam I do however worry about what
I'll call Marvel itis which means every
move was some kind of new Darth whatever
Sith Monster will emerge and want to
seek revenge and
bah blah revenge and then blow things up
with the super weapon then everyone will
learn to work as a team after three
hours of nausea and loosing loud
overdone action scenes that I'm making
want to throw up
JJ's two Star Trek movies while fun and
exciting we're all about revenge
explosions action scenes planet
destroying doomsday devices and learning
to work together as a team or learning
that we're all a family oh I really hope
he doesn't go action malts ear out with
Star Wars and I hope he doesn't contract
Marvel itis if he does I got a doctor
you can see dr. Kevorkian because Star
Wars movies are better than that they're
about much more than pointless action
sequences that don't progress the plot
at all learning to work together as a
team and during the kids or planet
destroying doomsday devices oh no I have
to go now
I don't even know who I am anymore fuck
me Oh
