Dec 26, 2016
Mr. Plinkett Talks About Rogue One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJgfxlgUIZY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/813392253817331715
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154217459942634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinkett-talks-about-rogue-one

well hello its me mr. blinken I'd like
to talk very briefly about Disney's
Marvel's Star Wars rogue one a Star Wars
story by Disney conglomerate corporation
there's about a lot of discussion on
this movie recently some say it's the
worst thing since the prequels while
others say it's the best Star Wars movie
ever because it's got the best action
and the most explosions here's the thing
about opinions they're all wrong unless
they're mine on that note let's discuss
shall we
and filmmaking there's a concept called
the triangle of truth this idea includes
three things fast cheap and good the
idea goes that you can't have all three
you can make it fast and cheap but it's
not gonna be good
and you can make it good and fast but
it's not gonna be cheap and so on you
got the idea
I hope I'm gonna apply a similar concept
to a Star Wars movie except my triangle
will include these items characters
story and emotion these are more check
marks rather than a triangular formula
but just stick with me for a minute I'll
explain it and as you'll soon see
certain films can include all three the
original Star Wars trilogy succeeded so
well because they heard all the marks
humor and action is essentially this you
can just eat the icing on the cake which
is tasty but you'll get real fat you'll
get cavities and your teeth will rot out
and after eating too much you'll start
to get sick of it and a nice soft cake
to balance it all out just like the
force all these as the fourth wilted
remember the force let's take a look at
the force awakens now I hear two out of
three marks which made it possible our
characters have some likable qualities
moments that made them feel like real
people which helped us connect
we wrote it for them we felt for them
and we suffered with them thus we had an
emotional connection when shit hit the
fan if the force awakens didn't reach
run a New Hope's plot it get a big Chuck
mark right here but it did and I don't
think I need to go into this any further
now let's look at rogue one let's just
get this over with shall we
god no Chuck Marx with me yes Row one
had a failure some of the best most
awesomest Star Wars explosions ever but
it received no Chuck marks from me for
obvious reasons what chance do we have
the question is what truth
you get this and you condemn the galaxy
to an eternity of submission now let's
compare two scenes are you ready this is
a scene from rogue one casseon and
orange in earth so have a shootout with
stormtroopers in some kind of city very
great huh pretty exciting
now here's a similar scene from a new
hope there's one difference between
these two scenes one contains characters
we actually like looks like you managed
to cut our only escape route get back in
yourself hear them saying things to each
other we understand their perspectives
it's like we know them we like them
now here's my Reata when you have a
movie written with unlikable characters
who have nothing to say
now characters we like it's really just
people fighting with stormtroopers and
finally context without the Star Wars IP
and familiar things
imagine rogue one as a movie called
people trying to get plans for a super
weapon
these characters would just be genetic
science fiction characters this guy
would be talking about some kind of
mystical thing we never get to see and
we're just told what it is sort of may
the force be with us the force and these
things would probably just look like
this genetic science fiction machines or
robots or weapons we ask ourselves who's
in charge who's our main bad guy is it
that guy is it this other guy is that
that weird guy in a Halloween costume
why are these two guys mucking up the
story or how'd the heck did that one guy
in the giant plastic helmet choke that
other guy like that nobody told me the
force is what gives a Jedi his power
it's an energy field created by all
living things
then finally without context the whole
movie is basically that these guys have
a thing that could do this these people
aren't gonna try and stop the thing
they're just gonna get the plans to do
it later after the movie is over at the
end of the film we'd ask ourselves oh
well they didn't stop that thing
and everyone died this doesn't feel like
an ending also we'd ask ourselves why
the dad didn't just tell Jen his
daughter that all they needed to do was
shoot a proton torpedo in the exhaust
port you know the one at the end of the
trench you really need to steal the
complicated plans just to tell somebody
that in the end without relying heavily
on context you just have a sci-fi movie
without a satisfying ending but
confusing motivations uninteresting
characters and no emotional investment
my porn is just go ahead and eat all
that icing don't worry you won't get
diabetes try not to get too much of it
