Mar 9, 2016
The Plinkett Awakens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sU7bsDhgxU
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/707656671741530112
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153467206762634

I have felt a great disturbance in the
force and awakening you might say
JJ Abrams and Disney have remade Star
Wars and called it a sequel and act so
evil even I wouldn't have thought of it
such manipulation and trickery can mean
only one thing the dice a farmer from
Traverse Sam saying that George Lucas is
a secret genius with their Star Wars
ring Theory idiotic Millennials are
rethinking the Star Wars prequels and
yet still others petitioned for George
Lucas to return to direct Star Wars
Episode nine they say the Internet
bullied him away from Star Wars boo it
is time to rise Lord blankets terrible
forces are at work
oh my god
the frills look I've been asleep for
years Jesus Christ it stinks in here oh
my goodness
I really have been asleep for years a
good giant beard I guess that makes me
kind of like Gandalf except for I don't
have any magical powers and I don't
command I've got a piss number 100 these
are dark times oh my god
oh fuck only one man can have star walls
getting back on course
Jesus Christ
talk about upper Decker you have much
work to do well time to force the toilet
like a good boy
could be what the fuck what is this
somebody take this to my bathroom wall
what the what Star Wars The Force
awakens what is it the Phantom no wait a
minute
this is real I recognize Chewbacca
anywhere oh wait a minute there's two
vodka oh my god what the fuck Star Wars
is back races who are these people what
is that their robot wouldn't have hurt
to taeju got a beer belly good
I can feel your anger it makes you
strong gives you purpose I really been
finger fuckable bigger I hate
