Oct 30, 2017
Doc of the Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Et6QLISlFL8
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/925000800165945344
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155137947552634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-zombie-review

Oh, hello.
I didn't see you there.
Hi, my name is Mike Stoklasa, and in 2012 
Red Letter Media began a collaboration with 
Exhibit A Pictures, the company behind the People vs George Lucas
as well as their newest film 7852 the purpose of
this collaboration was to create a mini
mr. Plunkett review for use in their
film dock of the Dead the pop culture
zombie documentary was released by epics
but sadly except for a few shots
none of the mr. planket review segments
were included in the final cut of the
film now thanks to Exhibit A pictures
and epics we present to you the
never-before-seen mr. plinkus
zombie video enjoy and have a happy and
safe Halloween
or a perfectly average morning nothing
unusual about today which makes it the
perfect day for a zombie apocalypse to
not happen that's a beautiful morning
mmm oh no but it has been reported that
the dead are coming back to life oh my
god is declaring Martial Law oh my god
this is crazy oh my god what the hell
was that
but that must be little Betty Harry
would you like to go and get your
granddaughter what our granddaughter you
remember she's staying with us while her
mom's in the hospital which had terrible
infected lately oh right yeah I'll go
get her daddy thank you hello can you
hear me Betty Betty why you're just
standing there
is that blood all over your jammie-jams
why are you just standing there but more
importantly why are you so dramatically
backlit eyes her hair in front of your
face hi Beatrice it's Betty one of those
deaf kids oh hello why is there a smoke
machine running in the hallway now did
you turn that on Betty
hey did you shut up dramatic horror
movie lighting oh well even though I've
seen this scene a million times in every
movie I'm just going to slowly start
walking towards you with my
obstruction asking if everything's okay
even though this looks highly suspicious
at any moment damn zombies these nails
cost me 249 a box it's a good thing I
had all this scrapbook though well
that's that order if these zombies are
gonna be the fast ones or the slow ones
out there the slow ones because I'm an
old man oh there's one now oh great
they're the fast zombie that's no good
for me oh wait a minute it's just a
jogger oh well that's good but that
still doesn't answer my question whether
or not the zombies they're fast ones oh
I guess they're slow ones well that's
good news for me that they're slow ones
guess that guys in shape he'll be fine
but wait if you could just run away from
slow zombies with ease then why aren't
all new zombies old people like me in
fact how does a slow zombie outbreak
even get out of control in the first
place now I could maybe see a slow
zombie outbreak getting out of control
in a densely occupied apartment building
a way out in the country where it's just
so much distance in between the infected
and the living well not so much just
look out my window now there's a whole
bunch of zombies milling about I don't
recognize any of these people there must
have walked here all the way from New
Jersey at that speed it would have taken
months maybe even years why not just go
to a crowded nightclub go in there and
pretend like you're dancing but at the
same time swinging your arms around
trying rap on somebody to eat them why
are the fuck are you all hanging outside
of my farmhouse it's not at all this
shit start anyways usually it starts
with just one zombie it's some guy in a
hospital who says he's sick
you're fucking spouse just stupid
annoying granddaughter and so on then a
few people will get bit trying to help
their friend or loved one who has just
turned into something that looks like a
living Christopher Walken but then just
when everybody realizes what's going on
the problem could easily be solved with
some guns
what problem can't be solved with guns
or you could solve this zombie problem
with the bunch of handcuffs or a pizza
cutter or one of those lighter things or
a flyswatter or no I once killed a man
with a flyswatter
or was that a fly also the rate at which
one becomes a zombie isn't based on
height weight age or sex it's based on
your importance of character I wonder
how long it'll be for me I got bit by my
stupid wife oh my god this looks nasty I
should pour some hydrogen peroxide on it
my wife turned in like an hour so after
my granddaughter better just enough time
for me to tie her up but it's also a
good thing I had that hatchet shot my
granddaughter set off I almost did that
once even before I knew she was a zombie
but to know I've been sitting here for
over two hours now well will I become a
zombie
most modern zombie movie seems to be
about diseases now but in that old black
and white movie Night of the Living Dead
it was radiation from space that caused
the recently deceased to come back to
life so by recently deceased they mean
number one no skeletons because
skeletons don't have flesh or muscle to
move around them old bones sorry Bea
Arthur you won't be doing the Golden
Girls reunion anytime soon stay in your
grave you old cunt you lied to me number
two not the recently buried you expect a
zombie with limited mobility and
strength to get out of a coffin under
six feet of dirt especially if there are
elderly people shit I can't even get out
of my chair number three people in
morgues
so we're left with the recently deceased
being people that have just died right
like by running with scissors suicide
hit by a school bus
answer joking on a hotdog joking on a
cancer dog fire joking while on fire
auto-erotic asphyxiation and falling
from a tree stand anyway so if you died
of natural causes you just be laying on
a table somewhere waiting for a
mortician to dress you up all fancy-like
and then BAM you'd wake up and you'd be
free to move about and bite people so
why are the majority of initial zombies
either young people or little girls
Romero zombies were not just the undead
though they were also cannibals their
taste for human flesh right now as I
speak hundreds and hundreds of zombies
want to get into my house and it's not
to eat my wife's pot roast
it's to eat me but I'm nothing more than
an elderly bag of bones why do they want
me so bad I have no muscle and nutrients
of any kind plus them filled with your
I'm also zombies don't always just want
brains don't leave whatever is available
to them
Romero zombies never wanted brains that
was first mentioned in the 1980s movie
Return of the Living Dead whitey weed
people
not people brains brains only yes
I doubt a zombie would have the strength
to crack open a skull or anyway I don't
know how a zombie kills us but how do we
kill a zombie
so does a zombie need to be shot in the
head or does general dismemberment do
the trick
oh that's find out I got my pistol right
here are tired of my wife and it's Erica
she's a zombie wait wait nope oh yes
she's still zombie well I'll try another
shot here but it seems like she's still
alive I'm gonna try another one well it
seems the three shots in the guts
haven't stopped her I guess it's time
for the head shot I'm gonna take aim
goodbye honey pie huh so I guess these
zombies adhere to Romero slaw meaning a
shot to the brain kills them wait what's
that on the TV something's actually
coming on it's gone word we're getting a
live feed from the White House in a
moment the president will address the
nation on this growing zombie crisis oh
my god the president's gonna speak I
hope he has a plan for getting us out of
this mess and also a plan to deal with
the zombies more importantly leadership
and now we go live to the White House
Oh
wait what's the problem what's wrong
with them always a zombie damn you
zombies what do you want from me get
away from my house Rick is no longer an
outbreak so why are the news reporters
always the last ones doing their job
during the zombie apocalypse do you ever
make that much money why are they so
committed over all other professional
services still attempting to isolate the
Bob's outbreak we will continue to
report to you what's happening as long
as we can continue to report live
although our truck is heavily damaged
and I've been getting very little sleep
I'm starting to really fuck down look
how dangerous that shit is if I were
this lady I would have fled a long time
ago gosh we'll look at hey where'd the
picture go get back to work you cowards
wait oh no the damn zombies are going
nuts now I got away from my windows it
took me minutes to nail those boards up
I guess this ends one of two ways
me shooting myself a zombies eating
either are good engines I suppose you
know I don't think the zombie outbreak
will last all that long and here's why
humber wand zombies probably can't
digest food while they are filled with
an unending lust for human guts
the zombies digestion system is probably
not functioning so eventually their
stomachs would be full there could no
longer fit any more matter into them
if they have an appetite to begin with
then it's safe to say at some point that
appetite would subside number two safety
and numbers as zombies cluster and packs
they tend to eat in packs this pattern
would prevent future zombies from being
created with the now rare situation of
the lone human getting bit by a lone
zombie human survivors and zombie hordes
now cluster together
if one human encountered SiC Sambas the
six Sambas would eat the human down to
nothing now if six humans encountered
one zombie that zombie would get his ass
kicked but this is all theoretical the
reality of this shit is right outside my
front door and right here on my arm
I still haven't turned maybe it's
because I'm filled with so many
prescription medications that I've
neutralized the disease well I guess
this is the bottles are almost inside my
house the end for all mr. Plunkett
I guess I'll fucking kill myself now I
left one bullet to me just in case cuz I
ain't gonna let these zombie bastards
eat me alright now it's time to shoot
myself in the brain oh oh no I'm still
alive the bullet must have just grazed
my brain oh how can I
