Aug 28, 2018
Star Wars: The Last Plinkett Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f83D18xL7VE
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1034425668971446272
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10155855465957634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/star-wars-the-last-plinkett-review
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/9aypsr/the_last_jedi_plinkett_review/

starwars the last Jedi is the most
embarrassing thing since my son no no my
other son the son that's so embarrassing
I never even talked about him his name
is Ryan Johnson and he's a filmmaker
from Los Angeles California
in all honesty though after lubing up
the last Jedi and subjecting it to a
very deep and tight anal sis I have
discovered that it is a slightly more
complex and interesting film than I
first thought
complexly bad
it both succeeds and fails for me at the
same time kind of like falling on your
face at the finish line of an Olympic
race and maybe shitting your pants at
the same time that's the last Jedi that
was also my cousin Howard at the 92
Barcelona Olympics he later became an
alcoholic and then crashed his car into
a Burger King when his car exploded that
made him die
you could say he was flame-broiled what
a sad ending to a man who famously shit
his pants in front of the whole world
anyway speaking of famously shitting
your pants in front of the whole world
number one Ryan Johnson and how this all
happened
Disney Lucasfilm Kathleen Kennedy
whoever whatever gave my son the most
important sequel in a billion-dollar
franchise it really only made one other
movie in the genre and it was called
looper it was pretty okay I guess other
than that he hasn't done too much he
used to mow my fucking lawn one time he
added fertilizer to my overgrown grass
and made it worse he told me he was
subverting my expectations I told him to
go fuck himself I fired him and I didn't
let him mow another lawn again now my
son was given the unenviable task of
having to follow up the force awakens
with his own film we all know that the
force awakens was a soft reboot of a new
hope so all the internet fingers of
blame were all prepared to point right
at Ryan and accuse him of doing the same
thing with the episode 8 which was that
he was gonna make a soft reboot of
Empire and for a while it seemed to be
that and she knew it here we had a movie
set after the destruction of the
first-order super weapon rain was
seeking out a Jedi Master for training
about to discover some kind of family
secret or lineage
the rebellion was running and gonna get
betrayed and then going to hiding again
etc etc so one can't necessarily blame
my son for trolling the audience and
quote subverting expectations the whole
thing of the scoundrel and the audience
expects him to have a heart of gold my
intent is to cast him on who you would
not expect to see it's the only thing I
would really want is a good movie that
delights me in ways I did expect not
getting what she wants not getting the
answers from the places she thought they
were going to come from like oh that's
completely different than I thought it
was but my question is why troll the
situation at all why not take the
audience in an entirely new direction oh
I guess because there's nowhere to go
with Star Wars cuz it's boring it's
played out and it sucks locus is
laughing all the way to the bank with
this four billion dollar cheque god
bless you George you enjoy your food
court meals you sweet sweet man anyway
the similarities first started with the
trailer Vader and kylo ride along on a
mission to find someone
I guess we'll call him Vader in 8080
walkers preparing for an attack on what
looks like a snow planet Vader and
entering with snow troopers Rey training
with the Jedi Master on some kind of
green place filled with life Rey
confronting her fears in a secret cave
Vader enforced senses somebody on a ship
and so on when you see the movie the
snow planet battle is at the end there
oh my god it's not snow at all it's salt
Sultan you're gonna rub that on our
wound Sun hair wait is that gareth
edwards put a fucking helmet on you
stupid prick no one cares that you have
a cameo you boring ass cracker Jesus
Christ huh for themselves are these guys
some day this war is gonna end
not the Star Wars that will never end
that will keep going forever keep going
forever
what the fuck son nobody have
single-handed
and get in Oh surprise raid isn't
Katrine by Luke at all and her family
lineage isn't a shocking secret you have
no place in my story you come from
nothing you're nothing and there's no
real lightsaber fight at all at least
not IRL it's all a hoax oh my god
seriously though this guy literally just
did pretty much the opposite of what we
expected did he think all this was gonna
blow our fucking minds
the only thing that could blow my mind
is a giant pile of Tony Montana cocaine
god I miss the 80s the 1880s that's when
you could get the real good stuff the
1980s was okay I guess but I'm really
looking forward to the 2000 80s digital
3d printed cocaine sponsored by Disney
snort up before you see Star Wars
episode 47 the last last last last last
last lap oh wait there's more
yes failure most of all see all this
shit that I've just talked about is what
we know already and what we've
complained about ad nauseam all right
we're not collectively as complained
about subverting expectations out of
place your momma joke about orgs look
throws a lightsaber over the shoulder
Coyotes made of crystal meth stupid kids
bb-8 is a slot machine that shoots coins
at people
look milks giant dinosaur tits stupid
kids kylo Ren wears old men high-rise
pants Luke Skywalker drinks milk from
dinosaur tits like a homeless slob Leia
flies like Peter Pan and space stupid
kids cartoon alien horse donkeys purple
hair lady and a prom dress Luke tells
Rey the Jedi aren't special that force
contradicting all the other Star Wars
films the readings of the child over
20,000 silly Yoda
so silly Luke's robot hand vanishes into
the force and emo chat live well we
don't really talk about it's just how
terrible the script is it's like Ryan
Johnson wrote one draft turned it in and
then everyone said sure let's go with it
without asking any questions at wait a
minute where have I heard this before
well see again I mean I told Brian this
is no surprise I said I just
fundamentally disagree with your concept
of this character number two the worst
screenplay ever is probably it's Pat or
maybe Jack and Jill for possibly The
Mummy there's a lot of contenders worth
certainly not the last Jedi
Bryan delivered the great script very
ambitious we a lot of surprises that's
its moments and yes I'm gonna be totally
fair here it feels like it was written
by a high school student but like like a
pretty smart high school student one who
thought about his script really really
hard at home before he had to go to bed
at night Ron Johnson communicated really
clearly his intent for the shots very
early on he actually drew his
storyboards why can't fire the last Jedi
opens with the rebellion fleeing their
current base because they've been found
out by the first order an empire we get
a little establishment of location some
character stuff with Han Leia Luke
Chewbacca c-3po r2d2 you know characters
we like we also learn and understand how
the Empire tracked them down this shit
just starts awhile right out of the gate
so you say to yourself I guess it
doesn't really matter how the first
order found the rebel base right but you
know it adds something a little
something called realism and pacing to
build up all those wonderful things that
make up movies the Empire probably spent
years searching the galaxy with random
space probes to find the rebels they had
no fucking clue where they were the
first starter just shows up out of
nowhere right out of the bat
first order comes off as comically
powerful with unlimited resources it
kind of makes you wonder why are they
even bothering chasing down an elderly
lady and all of her friends will only
have a handful of spaceships the fuck
are they gonna do none of this has
helped either by the fact that DOM Hall
Gleason's acting is straight out of
space balls who do you think you're
talking to prepare shit what's the
matter Colonel Sanders Turkey the robots
are the goofy ones not the bad guys
hello then their plan appears to be this
Pope flies his x-wing in front of the
dreadnought ship as a distraction you're
done goes into attack mode with the
intention of taking out the surface
cannons right he does this so that the
bombers can bomb away they were in the
middle of doing this whole plan because
they had all their bombers out and ready
to attack this appears to buy them the
time to get the last transport off the
ground before the dread-nots can fire
it's super cannons which are located
underneath the ship down at the rebel
base and blow it up here's the thought
for the first order you have to clear
targets and you have super cannons sure
to blow up a planetary base that's
deserted and isn't going anywhere or so
dream those super cannons over here and
fire at the big fleet ship that's poised
to jump to Lightspeed at any moment you
know you could always blow up the base
at your convenience or leave a couple
Star Destroyers there I doubt the
rebellion would come back to a base
that's been found plus maybe down on
that base they left some stuff about
other rebels or other locations fleet
strength crew dossiers important
belongings data chips with information
on them stuff they couldn't really get
in a hurry you know I think in military
terms they call that intelligence
but clearly the script is missing that
ah fuck it just blow up the base the
place why not just blow it up everyone
in the first order is so fucking wildly
angry for no real reason you never
penetrate our fire on the place
old-school Empire guys were just coldly
doing their job they weren't fucking
frothing at the mouth
what are these people insane I'm still
talking about the scene so the last
transport is made it Leia's happy and
since the PO okay I guess call out that
whole bomber mission thing and bring
your slow ass moving bombers back to the
fleet you know so that dreadnought can
shoot at you and us while you head back
with your slow ass moving bombers Paul
rightly says hey Leia while we're all
here let's at least try to take this
thing out right because that was kind of
our mission in the first place that's
what we're here doing and if we don't it
will kill us all Leia sup sup by this
plane because she has no idea what she's
doing she could barely even stand up
time to give it up and go at the Yoda
floating wheelchair though also states
that this thing the dreadnought is a
fleet killer this is the last of their
fleet there are no other rebellion
fleets right 400 of us on three ships
for the very last of the resistance why
not just get the fuck out of there I can
see why Chinese audiences were so
confused at this movie how two feuding
militaries could do things that make
absolutely no sense in a movie called
Star Wars box office speaking they don't
really like this movie I think it's
probably because it was written by some
pudgy white folk singer from California
it was probably never heard of fly the
military tactics in this movie make
about as much sense as me buying condoms
number one my wife is dead
number two I could no longer get an
erection and number three my cat ripped
off my penis in 1969 here's the real
audio I was recording my reaction to the
first moon landing at the time anyway
further can you hear me now your momma
prank phone call part was stupid as was
the bb-8 plugging water leaks gag
bordered on Looney Tunes reality but the
real underlying problem with this movie
was a lot of logic logic that was
glossed over by great-looking visual
effects fast paced action and excitement
you really can't fault how great this
movie looks but right from the first
scene there was something off about the
writing and like I always say you might
not have noticed it but your brain did
you
number three TL DW another problem with
the script for the last Jedi is the fact
that there's just too much stuff so when
we put the whole movie together we had a
very big movie it was too big yeah it's
too long too much stuff so right now I
am signing the final budget sheet so
well every Star Wars film is just over
two hours long this one takes the cake
at two hours and thirty minutes and in
my opinion story-wise have ended around
the 1 hour and 45 minute mark somehow
all this stuff with Snoke and the
confrontation with Rey and kylo felt
like a climax as did the Admiral hold o
Lightspeed kamikaze attack but this is
all a problem with structure so let's
talk about that
while the Snoke throne room scene is
clearly reminiscent of Return of the
Jedi I'm going to compare the last Jedi
to the Empire Strikes Back of course an
empire we have sort of a bowl-like
storyline structure where our characters
are together then go off on separate
adventures and all end up at the same
place for the conclusion sitcom format
speaking you have an a story and a B
story an empire clearly Luke's training
with Yoda and learning about the force
and then having to confront our failures
to a storyline and the last Jedi we have
foresees stories I don't even know how
that fucking works equal time seems to
be given to everything that's going on
in the film and nothing seems to have
more weight than anything else plus
things that kind of seemed important
just sort of end more or less unresolved
plus we are created to the old domino
effect of bad decision screenwriting
model the model I think works better in
a comedy film
which leads me to my next point number
four a comedy of errors the last Jedi
script kind of plays out like a madcap
comedy film what at least the rebellion
aspects of it too let's take a look at a
random comedy film how about national
lampoon's vacation so just how did the
Griswold family turn their vacation into
an armed hostage situation well I'll
start at the end
Clark has a gun and uses it to take
hostages Clark buys the gun from a gun
store he got the gun because when they
got to Walley world it was too late and
it was closed
an unwelcome passenger Aunt Edna dies in
their car forcing them to get rid of the
body
Clark Rob's a motel register in Arizona
Clark robbed the motel because he had no
money cuz the mechanic scammed him how
much you got Clark got lost trying to
find the Grand Canyon which caused him
to crash his car which caused it to need
repairs Clark gets suckered into taking
an ID no long when they stopped at
cousin Eddie's Clark takes the wrong
exit and ends up in the ghetto and gets
his car vandalized and Clark got sold
the wrong car in the first place
cuz he was stupid I'm not your ordinary
everyday fool okay
Clark's general incompetence cascades
into a series of events which caused
things on their family vacation to get
worse and worse it's because he's dumb
and he makes bad decisions like getting
a gun out of rage driving fast to
impress Christie Brinkley trying to find
the Grand Canyon by looking for it
falling asleep at the wheel constantly
getting scammed by people everywhere cuz
he's dumb and from Chicago see that's
why he's a funny character cuz he's a
buffoon
waitress the same can be argued for most
of the characters in the last Jedi the
rebels end up with only a dozen people
left alive out of about 400 400 of us on
three ships because they got tracked to
the salt planet and had to escape that
they had to escape there because the
first order was able to run a D cloaking
scan for their escape craft which was
their big fucking plan
they had a cloaking ability for their
crafts but they didn't use it earlier in
the film we ran a deep cloaking scan and
sure enough 30 resistance transport it
just launched from the cruiser the first
order ran this deep cloaking scan
because Benicio del Toro told them to
because he sold out Finn and Rose Ben
and Rose trusted Benicio because he
seemed like he knew what he was doing
because he broke out of a jail why not
trust him we had to use him and not the
real code breaker because this asshole
called the cops on them which led them
to jail and this asshole called the cops
on them because they illegally parked
their ship on the beach seemed like a
dumb thing to do they went to the casino
plan in the first place because they had
to go rogue so they asked Maz Kanata for
how somebody they barely knew just met
for five minutes in the last movie they
had to go on the secret mission to break
the first orders Lightspeed tracker
because whole dough wouldn't topo her
plan and hold on one topo her plan
because she hates men you have bet the
survival of the resistance on bad odds
and put us all at risk
you bet on your own bad odds that the
first order didn't have a pair of these
we could trace the events back to the
start almost why didn't you just tell
him her plan the kind of made sense
except for the first order could
physically see the planet you were going
to and they were just gonna follow you
there anyway
who knew the first order was tracking
our big ship their water trick for the
transporters why not down to the surface
of a notice to high until the first
order passes get all our forces down to
that resistance base let's finish this
I could work why wouldn't they be
monitoring for little transports also
how did hold on oh that just a good gas
there's no life signs on the big ship
it's empty
maybe they cloaked all their escape
crafts and went to that planet that's
right fucking there maybe they went
there I'm no rocket scientist but
there's a planet there and I think they
all flew there protecting the light
I guess all this crap was supposed to be
about leadership or something the moral
or the lesson or whatever was that in
the rebellion your job was not to rebel
you're demoted and to blindly follow
your leaders kind of like the first
order I just want to know what's going
on of course she did you Steve
Aldo had her plan and she was in charge
and we need to shake them before we can
find a new base so what's our plan don't
you dare ask any questions because she's
got purple hair it's a stick tear post
and follow my orders
this is one area where this shit ain't
like Star Trek at all the pro card was
in a situation where he didn't know what
the fuck to do you would ask everybody
for their opinions he would say what do
you suggest everyone would offer up
ideas from each character's own unique
perspective comments
I recommend that I return to the cruiser
with an away team the plasma shock it
would be painful but it wouldn't cause
any physical harm an interesting
suggestion lieutenant what if they're
trying to undermine our history for some
reason some kind of guerrilla war the
enterprise-c would be out man and
outgunned unless we would rearm them
with maan we can't do that if we send
that ship back the new technology will
be altering the past I agree
we're at war there's been no formal
declaration of war not from us but
certainly from them perhaps we should
reverse course for all we know reversing
course may be what leads us into the
crash all right mr. fortune I don't
agree a concussive charge would blow out
the security field so we can go under
the phasers on a wide beam stun
everybody sort it out later
it's a stick to your post and follow my
orders I have a problem with that kind
of rigidity it seems callous and even a
little cowardly now if I were on the
cruiser in Star Wars the last yet I'd
say why I use that cloaking technology
on our escape crafts secretly move
everyone over to one of those other
ships and then Lightspeed out of there
if the trackers just on Snoke ship split
everyone up three ways and take your
chances at least two-thirds of you will
survive
that's about 266 people much better than
the twelve you ended up with just give
it to me one more time simpler so the
first form is only tracking us from one
destroyer the lead one so we blow that
one up but if we sneak on port the lead
destroyer and disable the tracker
without them realizing so we blow that
one up
they won't you realize it's off for one
system cycle about six minutes so we
blow that one up I like where your
head's at but no they'd only start
tracking us from another destroyer but
if we can sneak on board the lead
destroyer we know that one tracker
without them realizing hey won't you
realize it's off for one system cycle
about six minutes sneak on board just
give it to me one more time a simple
disable the tracker so you blow down a
number
our fleet escapes prison to me one more
time we sneak on board to be destroyed
or maybe keep popping back and forth at
Lightspeed with one of those small
crafts evacuate everyone somewhere safe
you know just a little bit out of time
back and forth back and forth back and
forth they don't seem to care
I literally have tens of ideas but this
lady is technically in charge so don't
ask any questions her card was a smart
man agreed a comedy of errors is what
they call it kids a series of errors and
mistakes though is not to be confused
with a series of obstacles you can
actually do this
yeah about that when the Millennium
Falcon encounters an asteroid belt it's
an obstacle it's not cuz Han Solo is
stupid
when Finn and Rose parked their ship on
a beach when there's probably some kind
of spaceship parking lot that everyone
uses it's because they're stupid when
they decide to trust some guy who
literally sounds like a snake remember
kids if he sounds like a snake it's a
mistake take it easy bigger sounds like
snake it's a mistake maybe also if
you're questioning my logic that the
last Jedi was more structured as a
comedy film just dip into the deleted
scenes
I'm not supposed to initiate contact
with officers but I never took you for
captain material look take a look at all
this fucking nonsense that was cut from
the film not sure what my son was up to
but I think he was trying to make a
funny movie yeah it's funny when Clark
Griswold crashes the family truckster in
that movie a series of bad decisions
mistakes foolish errors make it a funny
movie it doesn't work in a Star Wars
film
it makes all your characters look dumb
why you ran second your own shit this is
why this all seemed weird and bad when
they're on a casino planet Andros is
complaining about like the industrial
military complex of the universe or
whatever there's only one business in
the galaxy that'll get you this rich war
selling weapons that the first order
buys weapons from from crazy crazy
looking characters in a casino she
should have just said I hate this place
but there's nothing we could do about it
now we have a mission instead this
happens
a casino and Star Wars you know with
with fancy dress people it just seemed
and I expressed my fears to Ryan and it
was worth it though to tear up that town
make him hurt
now it's worth it bid Thank You Mario in
a Star Wars film you need clear
obstacles and drama
really wow it is really strong the
cannot keep information for no reason at
all just to fulfill some kind of plot
twist later twists and turns are one
thing but confusing actions and
motivations that are literally
incomprehensible that's not acceptable
once we're done the resistance will give
you whatever you want once you get the
puzzle whines how much you got
number five point A to point B maintain
our current course steady up another
thing people take issue with is the
low-speed chase you know I'm okay with
this in a weird way it kind of reminds
me of Star Trek fuel status 15 pounds
PSI Star Trek often dealt with
situations involving fuel and ships
chasing and/or tracking each other
power loss now at 12% captive-bred alert
Star Wars was always more about the
locations zipping around from one spot
to the next without any mention of fuel
or how long it would take to get there
that's where the fantasy was and Star
Trek a light craft could take days or
weeks or months to reach another star
system ETA 1330 hours sir
it's not exactly warp speed when he
leaves ha Luke isn't gonna sit in his
x-wing for weeks until he gets to
Dagobah an impulse we're not likely to
be running into any planets not really
six or seven years Oh on my mom see
though that was before they decided that
x-rays could fly at Lightspeed which
they showed and Return of the Jedi
because all the x-wings and light crafts
had to jump inside the big Mon Calamari
Cruiser before it jump to Lightspeed so
I don't know is that a mistake in Return
of the Jedi
anyway the mere fact that a large chunk
of the middle of the movie is just big
spaceships kind of slowly chasing each
other that was different to say
something positive I would have been
fine just cutting back and forth between
just that situation and Rey doing things
on Luke's planet however that's my next
point that lends itself to my theory
that the last Jedi is really a madcap
comedy people are always coming and
going
which deflates the tension of the first
order having them trapped in a low-speed
chase first off Ryan brought himself
into a hole when he realized that all of
his characters were on the main ships
being chased by the first order a crappy
thought how can Finn and Rose go on a
little adventure on some other planet
when they're stuck on the fucking ship
Disney wants at least five locations and
I've got to meet that quota so I'm Finn
Andros sneak out of the side of the Mon
Calamari Cruiser and some kind of
smaller ship and leave shit why doesn't
everyone do that then when the rebels
leave in the escape ships which for no
reason at all can't go Lightspeed if
this little shitty crappy ship has
Lightspeed then you'd think
emergency evacuation crafts would too
then they suddenly have some kind of
cloaking ability not like Klingon
cloaking ability but censor cloaking
ability but like the first order has
windows all you need is a good old pair
of these to see them if the fucking
Hubble telescope could see Mars with
this clarity from Earth you'd think the
first order would have some kind of
device that could zoom in like a hundred
feet and see all the escape crafts
leaving Jesus Christ even pirates in the
1800's had looking-glasses send out the
TIE fighter send out the TIE fighters
all these rebellion escaped transports
have no weapons and can't go Lightspeed
it's like shooting people in a barrel I
mean fish anyway so then after leaving
Kanto by tros Finn and Benicio steal
some rich guys ship and then had to
Snoke ship they slipped through the
detection grid with magical codes Ray's
also got business on Snoke shit so she
goes there to using the Falcons little
escape pod
after her and kylo fight the bad guys
after Snoke gets cut in half
Rey I guess then steals smokes personal
ship she took smokes escape craft only
then to somehow end up back on the
Falcon what happened to Snoke ship and
why wasn't she flying that thing into
battle I'm sure the ship of the supreme
leader of the first order has God I have
some kind of mega firepower and shields
on it right why'd she leave it parked
somewhere in the salt and then get on
board the old rust bucket
that's piloted by an ape that's infested
with fur bees fly Snopes personal ship
around and blow shit up this smells of
the old oh crap
how do I get Rey down to the salt planet
no well how about a throwaway line about
how she stole Snoke ship
she took smokes escape craft and then
we'll just never talk about it again by
the way salt planet is a favorite
vacation spot of this creature I thought
I'd squeeze in a Star Trek reference I
hope you enjoyed it nerds
oh wait here's something hundred rows
fin and the codebreaker guy planned to
get off of Snoke ship once they smashed
up the tracking device good time to
figure out how we'd get back to the
fleet I know where the nearest escape
pods are course wasn't the first order
no that escape pods were launched like
shoot him down you know if stormtroopers
are like low-level ranking military guys
went AWOL
this would have a real good time to use
one of those escape pods don't you think
come to think of it with the first order
even have escape pods maybe for like the
high ranking officers on the bridge but
shit how many people are on that ship
stormtroopers and everyone in the first
order is basically cannon fodder the
escape pod or lifeboat situation is
probably worse than their Titanic
plus they're all the way in the center
of the fucking ship it would take like
45 minutes for an escape pod to get out
of that gigantic ship in Star Trek which
is much more smarter the escape pods are
Roy's on the outside of the ship I mean
the codebreaker guy whether it was
Benicio or the other guy they were
independent contractors not really part
of the rebellion so I doubt either of
them would have been up for a suicide
mission
I mean ROS and Finn might have been I
mean that ship was big maybe go back to
the little ship that they brought on
board but wouldn't somebody have found
that ship like like a stormtrooper but
like we here what's that
and then they'd hit like the alarm
button I don't know it just don't make
sense it's just like they're doing
things without thinking
to figure out how we get back to the
place and they're making one mistake
after the other just like Clark Griswald
but this chapter is called from point A
to point B meaning how do people get
from here to there it's either really
stupid or not thought-out at all or
brushed over or happened so fast you
don't even really notice it like my next
point this is the absolute worst thing
that happens and no I'm not talking
about the oh shit I totally forgot about
where bb-8 is um I guess she somehow got
inside an 80s T which conveniently has a
detachable top that falls off so that we
could see him piloting it my gosh yes he
could shoot out like a cannon even get
up there I'm not talking about that I'm
talking about how Rose and Finn get
inside the rebel base on the salt planet
they conveniently steal some kind of
first-order ship after killing Captain
phasma they fly it down to the salt
planet real quick and fast and
conveniently and with precision timing
are able to fly it into the base doors
before they close they're the only
first-order ship that makes it into the
base before the doors close just them
not anybody else Jesus that's some
fucking good odds maybe you should go
back to Cantino Brite and put some my on
a slot machine I don't even remember
this happening the first time I watched
the movie happened so fast you don't
even really have time to think
about it it's just like oh yeah no roses
and thinner inside the rebel base and
it's a good thing too they didn't kill
anybody look out look out run don't get
smashed by the sliding spaceship it's
another one of those how do I get my
characters from here to their situation
yeah I'll just I'll just slap this
together no one will notice it'll happen
so fast was this movie even thought out
at all ahead of time what a shit show
speaking of a shit show let's take a
look at this short film recently created
by and starring ryan johnson it was made
exclusively for the starwars.com website
number six the other see plot our gun as
previously stated I'm not here to take a
huge dump on this movie I have a toilet
for that many have called the last Jedi
prequel bad Jesus Christ how racist oh
my god Brian Johnson played his hand in
a poker game
there wasn't that strong you have to lay
down all your chips on it in front of a
lot of really good poker players and say
this is the right decision based on
nothing but this little tingle you get
in your stomach and and you know that's
scary that's really terrifying I would
be worried if everybody across the board
was like yeah there's a good movie and
then there are other people who walk out
just I mean literally saying that was
the worst movie I've ever seen having
those two extremes to me is you know is
the market the type of movie that I want
to make you didn't want to give the
audience what it wanted what it craved
and what a crave was the familiar the
heroic
The Adventure here's kind of like a
school teacher that was rewarding us
with movie day massive crepes shot by
shot page one but instead of showing us
something fun
he showed us something fun but
educational too that's not fun the
audience wanted Luke to come back out of
hiding show that he was a true Jedi
badass and help ray stop Snoke and run
maybe at least temporarily
instead Luke wanted nothing to do with
anything it was a cheap move like I said
a rock in a hard place
the idea that Luke was on an island cut
off from the force and basically just
wanting to die was one of the more
interesting aspects of the movie ray
wanted to help Luke finally agreed but
then was like nope did you hear a word I
just said I think what I'm gonna walk
out with a laser sword and face down on
the whole first order right now I feel
like I'm taking on the whole empire
myself I know
but then ray finally justice fuck it and
leaves good for her she's intrigued by
trying to save kylo Ren who seems like
he's kind of interested in helping her
too
they got this weird connection that's
that's different
you got me movie I'm interested now what
are you gonna do for me next are you
gonna fuck me in the ass there watch
your ass and you know what once ray left
that should have been the last time we
saw Luke at least in this film and
here's how the film should have ended
joining
there you got a solid cliffhanger and a
satisfactory ending a big bad guy is
dead his big bad ship is ripped apart in
a self-sacrifice or what should have
been Leia and most importantly what will
be the future of this new kylo and rey
alliance romance a new chaotic neutral
jedi Sethe read so many new things so
many new ideas oh load that piece of
junk oh I guess he's still bad it's time
to little things die this is the Jedi
the rebels let it all die he wants to
tear down the first order and the
resistance okay that's interesting the
resistances in that mind
push through then he still goes after
the resistance with the first order then
he makes himself the new supreme leader
finished then the movie ends with Luke
coming back to save the day but he
really doesn't he stalls so that
everyone can escape Skywalker's doing
this so we can survive which only serves
to make kylo Ren more angry and more
embarrassed
bursting it's beat by a girl who has
never used a lightsaber before of which
smoke personally chides him on you were
unbalanced bested by a girl who would
never Dani gets beat by an elderly
hologram all those people saw him
fighting with an astral projection or
whatever you think he'd have the force
sense to tell that that was just like a
fake thing you know you could like read
someone's feelings when you're a Jedi or
zip prison sentences you could sense
things he would be like sensing nothing
right if he had any kind of skills god
how embarrassing and I thought getting
kicked out of the portly gentleman was
embarrassing I kept splitting too many
pants in the dressing room oh no ray
learns that Luke didn't know what he was
talking about at all
it's not about lifting rocks because the
force literally is about moving rocks
also this random little boy has Jedi
powers so it is some kind of inherited
ability or else all kids would be able
to use the Force right dere God was
everything you said wrong the force is
not a power you have and beyond that
something special the potential of your
blood life go drink some more monster
tit milk you weird hobo then we're right
back where we started the resistance is
on the run and the first order is still
chasing after them no real big
revelations just the death of two major
characters that represented the quote
old ways of the old films time to little
things time the supreme Sith Lord and
the Jedi Master what we're left with is
a sort of Sith in charge of the first
order and a girl who has a whole bunch
of misinformation Luke wanted the Jedi
to die it's time for the Jedi to end but
boy oh boy look how it helped out your
friends those Jedi books are worthless
even Yoda said it old books the sacred
Jedi taxes have you turner's you tried
to burn him down with lightning but then
she took the books I guess to study them
further so they have value did she take
the book so that she could teach others
that's not what Luke wanted who the fuck
knows what's going on our black and
white good versus evil space saga is now
a muddled ambiguous grey all those
wonderful moments in the original films
are filled with excitement thrills
chills action and adventure love and
romance and heartfelt emotion for some
reason all rang hollow in this movie
they felt forced to rehashed or lacked
real emotion and the parts that did
stick with you stuck with you for the
wrong
reasons they made you feel sick confused
awkward uncomfortable strange
embarrassed disgusted and annoyed the
only part that had any emotional weight
to it was when Luke was saying goodbye
to Leia and really that was just because
it was those two characters that you
liked and what happened shortly
thereafter with Carrie Fisher in real
life
spoilers she died number 7 little
details make a big picture finally to
end on a good note I'd like to point out
some of the great little details in the
movie it's empty they're just trying to
fill out a tension away because it's not
all bad kids I really liked how low-tech
the first orders monitors were in
keeping with Star Wars tradition they
were blocky old-looking technology I was
very happy with that
it's a neat one during kylo andrae's
conversations kylo gets a little water
on his hands you know cuz Rey's out by
the water it's a nice little
foreshadowing to what happens with Luke
later on I really like this moment to
our distress signals been received at
multiple points but no response it's
like we got it when Billy Lord said it
they've heard us but no one's coming but
then this lady said it again just slower
and dumber so that we doubly understood
I'm so dumb I also liked this detail too
when after the most epic and amazing
thing ever to happen in the history of
Star Wars happens these background
extras are just chatting about something
shouldn't everyone's eyes be fucking
glued to the windows oh my god did you
see what the fuck just happened
sounds whether you catch the game last
week hey do you remember when Finn had a
terrible concussion and was suffering
from dementia and he thought his little
rusty piece of crap ship would stop a
super laser that it wouldn't just get
incinerated or shot down by a million
laser blasts before it even got close
how silly
what a fun moment
you gotta get your head checked out fin
cuz you're dumber than Clark Griswold
hey then we're number one Rose crashed
her a little piece of crap ship right
into fins risking both horrible back
injuries and death in order to stop him
from crashing into the super laser huh
that was pretty fucking risky and it's
like love is the only way and and she
kisses him and he's like what I don't
like you at all and then in the
background the rebellion dies how
hysterically terrible I mean great also
do you remember the fight scene after
Snoke was dead when his guards
pointlessly fought ray and kylo if I
were one of those guards I want to just
ran away because clearly they're totally
enough to kind of just stand there
waiting awkwardly for one guard to
finish attacking before they attack hey
yo where are you going what are you
doing
hey wait you why did you run over there
and what the heck is this guy waiting
for can they even see what they're doing
in those helmets hey why did you go over
there do you remember when Luke said the
Force it's not a power that you have ah
sure it is just look at Leia she didn't
do shit to develop her power
it was just inherited you have that
power too
anytime you learning as a desire she's
always sitting down but yet she could
survive the cold vacuum of space
an Admiral Ackbar and nobody else can
sure does seem like some kind of
inherited Jedi power that she has kylo
Ren was so mad at the Millennium Falcon
that he ordered all their Thai fighters
to attack it you know so that they could
leave all the ships trying to attack
their super laser free to attack their
super laser
she already you know ray was onboard the
Millennium Falcon or was he calling this
ship a she she may not look like much
but she's got it where it counts kid oh
geez
I wasn't expecting such outdated and
sexist sailor talk from such a
progressive film how dare they I'm
protesting come on aunt Eva let's get
style where's next number eight the
circle of confusion is complete to get
what I was doing a whole bunch of things
like if you thought the opening of the
last Jedi was odd and messed with your
brain let's talk about the tone and
visuals in general attitude of the
ending now I know Ryan didn't want his
film compared to Empire but we really
need to do that here
first of all Luke starts off as he did
at the end of a new hope
how nobody you read me happy plucky
idealistic Dennis no monster malls his
face and tries to eat him alive
and he's like oh my god just fucking
galaxy's a nightmare that was traumatic
then Yoda lays out some real scary shit
to him
I'm not afraid you will be
you with me then he has visions of his
friends dying he cuts off a ghost of
Dror Feiler and sees his fucking face
inside of decapitated a head he's unable
to rescue his friends he gets his
fucking hand chopped off and has told
the most evil man the galaxy is his
father I am the father overall a pretty
shitty reality hitting day now stick
with me in this film Rey is off to meet
the legend Luke Skywalker the force the
Jedi
all of it
it's all true who turns out to be a big
homeless asshole who's fucking rude to
her he tells her that the Jedi are
shitty and a bunch of failures leaving
her with absolutely no hope in him only
with kylo Ren and even though he kills
Snoke to save her he still wants to
murder all of her friends blah she's
literally witness to the deaths of
mostly all of the rebellion at this
point like from her perspective she went
off to get Luke to help everybody and
she totally failed them
here's where Luke is at the same story
moment and Empire here's where ray is
she likes that so then an empire the
rebellion fleet is limping along at a
slow pace or another visual similarity
could be like a beat army heading back
to its base and defeat the music is
mostly somber our characters are licking
their wounds so to speak the music is
still slightly hopeful but with a twinge
of melancholy just perfect and the last
Jedi the Millennium Falcon is speeding
ahead at Lightspeed which visually
indicates adventure in action and fun
on board it's a fun reunion or something
people seem to be in generally good
spirits even though 46,000 rebels died
leaving only 12 people left alive
there's hugging and handshaking and all
the shots are very reminiscent of the
ending of Return of the Jedi where of
course the Empire was totally defeated
so you're like everything that just
happened was really bad there should be
a fucking funeral dirge playing everyone
should be shell-shocked and sitting
there in silence as the Millennium
Falcon limps along at five miles an hour
spilling black smoke out of the back but
this is Disney and mr. not what you'd
expect I don't want a freaking to be out
here but I think we just made a Star
Wars movie so you're literally left
scratching your head and confusion as to
how to feel should I be happy now why is
everyone happy a gun you might not have
noticed it but your brain did
one thing that should be noted here it
seems like Rian Johnson is a pretty good
guy
everyone had nothing but nice things to
say about him I'm Ryan not once did he
show any type of anger or couldn't be
not once was he was he rude or was he
did he let the pressure of all of this
get to him and it's pressure well almost
everyone
he's in I think she was joking but I'm
not sure I know this guy really didn't
like him but that's another story no
matter how this comes out if I'm
wonderful it's because of him and if
it's terrible it's also his fault
he seems like a pretty nice guy they
like to laugh and maybe it was just a
little bit nervous to be working on such
a big production shit I would be he also
just wanted to write a good script and
make a movie that was unexpected maybe a
little refreshing a different take on
Star Wars and for that I give him
respect the problem was that he failed
spectacularly added on every level then
it was just a matter of really being
honest with myself like is that what's
best for this trilogy is that what
should happen here and just questioning
that over and over again so you know
what kids number nine I might just sit
out Michael sit in the park and feed the
birds watch the sunset walk on the beach
listen to the waves crashing the shore
fuck do anything in the world for two
hours then watch the next one and while
I would never suggest a boycott
boy I do love cops
