May 18, 2020
Star Trek Picard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwF1iri1GjQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1262552880927707149
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157430247667634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-trek-picard-review
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/gmepo6/mr_plinketts_star_trek_picard_review/

Star Trek Picard is the most
disappointing thing since Star Trek
discovery what you wanted something
clever
so the fucking truth after you're done
breaking and entering would you like to
join me and make a little scream please
just please evaluate the show on its
merits everyone has worked so hard and
given so much love to this thing 
shut the fuck up
this thing is being a born of love
please please give it a chance
mr. huge anyway hey it's me mr. blanket
I'm back and I'm gonna talk about Star
Trek Picard
I know these two fat clowns talked about
it to death so I'll try not to repeat
too much if I do please email me and let
me know that I don't give two shits at
farts dotnet thank you now hate it
Johnny
dark Trek Picard is neither Star Trek
nor Picard it's different and it's not
all good
let me explain when they first announced
this show and Picard came out of the
doors you know their doors everybody clapped
fucking what
jean-luc Picard is back
here
sheer fucking hubris
you think you could just
bust back in here and be entrusted with
taking men and women into space
don't you think I was watching the
hollow the other day along with everyone
else in the galaxy not have spoken in
public we were promised that it wasn't
gonna be another string you along
violent disgusting embarrassing trash
fire like Star Trek discovery they lied
people died we were told it would be a
show exploring the double character of
jean-luc Picard your show changed my
life without Star Trek The Next
Generation I might not be here and and
that lies at the very center of what I
have to tell you now jean-luc Picard is
back
you know and there's elderly senior
years living in retirement on his French
Vineyard but then they realize that
apparently trash sells just look at this
garbage they promised us that even
though this would be a character study
he'd still have many adventures smaller
less epic but still adventures
maybe he'll enter a winemaking contest
with an old adversary or maybe he could
put on his Dixon Hill costume and figure
out the mystery of who stole the ancient
French statue surprise it was Damon go
Robert Damon time traveled to 1700s
France to hide 1000 bars of gold-pressed
latinum inside the statue in order to
retrieve it at a future date where it's
now increased in value for some reason
well Picard finds this out and he's
about to call the authorities but turns
out that the daemon needed it for his
wife's ear cancer treatment they share a
laugh and a glass of wine or Picard
could reconnect with this lady
you're definitely better than you think
or this lady or this lady or this lady
or this lady I can assure you that I'm
not given to casual relationships
hey maybe Deanna Troi and Riker come and
visit Picard
maybe Troi is a few too many glasses of
wine and then they all had down to the
local French town festival Sarah Troi
pretends to be a carnival barker playing
the guess my age weight or birth month
game time she discovers the local mayor
is hiding something
and it's not just his age they
investigate this and discover that he's
planning to seize Picard's vineyard and
then bulldoze it in order to make room
for a secret illegal wine synthesizing
plant disguised as a bakery he's a
villain oh my god
okay maybe Picard wakes up one morning
and discovers that he's in France but in
the 1940s under the Nazi occupation
he's got to help the French Resistance
it falls in love with an elderly lady
and eventually they help break a code
that helps win World War two
Danny realizes it was all a prank played
by his old pal Q who says the card
you're getting a little lazy in your
older years I wanted to see if you're
still had it in you
they share a laugh and a glass of wine
hey maybe we can have an episode about
Picard's dog he needs his anal glands
expressed so the card calls dr. crusher
to help the dog is concerned that a
doctor named crusher will be pressing on
his anal glands the Carters him she's
gentle loving hands to caress and don't
squeeze too hard the card and Beverley
talk about life and love over a glass of
wine she tells him that she's very
embarrassed of Wesley's life choices I
freaking love this show and that is a
horrible sellout we need a couple of
things for a good storytelling which is
you know catastrophe of course silence
f10 maybe her and Picard reconnect in a
sexy way but then a time-travel accident
brings jack crusher back to life but
only for a week before he begins to
slowly vanish what does she do does she
stay with Picard anything has thoughts
does she rekindle her love with her her
long dead husband what a dilemma so many
smaller fun heartwarming silly Star Trek
like stories that could be to all
these orchids have had it there will
still be 200 Romulan warships who just
got more discovery
more space violence more dark pointless
garbage for BOTS to praise on social
media
I'm sorry did I say BOTS I meant people
real people not BOTS
why would I say BOTS I meant real people
okay hit it Johnny
number one - living nightmare is over
let's recap this shitfest
first a card is
old very very old Patrick Stewart is
like 80 but he has the stamina of
someone who is a hundred and thirty
seven I mean just look at this bride
eighty year old he's gone where no man
has gone before he just keeps going
hello hello William Shatner who's now
really in - electric Viking he's on his
fifteenth divorce why not make Star Trek
Kirk there could be about him searching
the galaxy for the greatest and best
fitting space girdle of all let me just
go and tell bill about my idea oh well I
guess I could tell CBS about my dough
alas I digress let's grace this paid off
so I'm Picard I spent decades feeling
bad about how data blew himself what
right sorry Oh continues on to the next
page blow himself up sorry very welcome
I mean let's be honest he did beam
Picard out
but his sacrifice wasn't just to save
Picard's life
gave his life to save mine it was more
so that if shins on ship fire did kill
everyone on the enterprise no one on the
enterprise was survived so it wasn't
just a you for me self-destruct kind of
situation I mean technically he did save
Picard but he also saved all of these
people to a no one remembers that by no
one I mean the writers and producers of
this stupid show we've designed it so
that if you're coming in cold with no
knowledge of Star Trek you're gonna be
able to drop in and you should be able
to catch them quickly
they don't even watch nemesis I think if
you're going to watch anything watching
an intern watched it for them and just
told them that the last time we saw data
you saved
Picard's life the show is cold Star Trek
however the fact that he thought of data
as not a human being but as a man
nonetheless is part of the reason why he
is so haunted by data's death by Diaz
having sacrificed his life for Picard
I must select an officer to replace
dator adopts recommendations someone
with super car we discover that he has
dreams about data every night cuz he's
in love with them he's so old and he's
got Romulan tell C our housekeepers that
like him because Picard tried to save
Romulans they needed Starfleet's help to
get Romulans off Romulus
because it was gonna get destroyed by a
supernova created by JJ Abrams he needed
ships Starfleet didn't want to spare any
of their ships they don't have a lot of
them and the Ron is don't have any ships
to spare either but who cares the
details aren't important barely anything
from this Romulan evacuation plot really
connects with anything else I mean it's
sort of does but it's more of a setup or
a backstory for a larger story about
nothing I guess the story is about the
redemption of the worst actress in the
world danger we don't want anyone else
to get hurt
who is it I'm in here I didn't call
maintenance today okay the second worst
actress in the world to see what's
really important on this show are the
characters the great 1-dimensional I
mean doubtful characters like Rafi Rafi
had a son who doesn't like her which we
discover in one episode and then it's
never brought up again he doesn't
forgive her at the end and decided to
let her be a grandma to his his baby and
then captain Rios captain Rios on a
starship and it's this character and
this character he is a sword and he
wants to help Picard or he just really
likes fucking cutting people with the sword I guess
he was a mad at Picard because Picard left him when he was like five
and then didn't come back till he was like like 20 or something
hello so it's really mad at first and
then he wasn't mad because he thought
hey this is a great opportunity to kill
people with a sword
what a great character and then there's
this character oh no literally oh that's
what you think about when you see that
character oh and then there's an ERISA
ERISA on narak Marisa
she's pretty doubtful when we peel away
the layers of depth fulness to her
character all there's as evil
I guess that's it anyway let's move on
number two the story basic movies
storytelling says that in a good script
no scene should be wasted it's so
interesting no line of dialogue should
be unmotivated tomato every action
should push things along explain
something or have some importance
suddenly have something like Star Trek
Picard but wait you say Star Trek Picard
is a TV show
no it's essentially a 10 hour long movie
we pay admission to watch Star Trek
Picard in each episode runs into the
next so if it weren't for the stupid
credits it'd be one long movie you know
our show really the first three episodes
of the first act you know so you really
the pilot is really the first three
episodes technically it's a seven hour
and 28 minute long movie when you remove
the opening credits the end credits the
previously on
and on the next Star Trek Picard but
anyway no that's really very important
so I don't know why I brought it up so
what's this movie show about what's the
message never again
kill somebody just because it's
ultimately what I got from the first
season was something so simple and trial
is my katka rotor so the moral of the
story was mortality I gave you a choice
not being the destroyer was up to you or
choice my swatch we're learning not to
fear the unknown or wrecks it the wrong
side of brexit or illegal immigrants at
ROM or bitcoins 9/11 was an inside job
or build the wall or don't build the
wall and see flow or medicare-for-all or
LGBTQ rights factory farming is bad or
Wall Street or our old privileged
White's are bad it's in cages capitalism
socialism egan rights insurance
companies are bad odour cycle rights i
blinds snow pipelines free-range chicken
my local and organic big pharma climate
change rain forest is burning australia
still burning rotavirus elder abuse
stock market know something the lesson
that I learned was to fucking fear
people that were different than me and
that gays are psychopaths is that what
they were going for if so they succeeded
good job I think it is anyway so data
saved Picard
so Picard tried to save so G not saver
in a physical sense but I guess save her
quote humanity make her realized that
she could be something more when
actually shouldn't give in to fear sutra
was pushing fear and so g was buying it
it was kind of like how people gave in
to the fear of androids because it was
totally reasonable to do so
dude creeps me out hmm he can hear you
I mean they blew up an entire planet
killing 93 thousand people and they all
seem totally gung ho for killing all
life in the universe what's not to be
scared of
Picard pleaded with Shoji to make the
choice to not allow the robotic space
octopus from a dimensional asshole to
kill everyone in the universe
I guess she learned something because
Picard made a sacrifice I have something
I want to give you and your people my
life
the god out flying a ship I've heard
into space and making copies of it all
the while he was having conveniently
timed brain trauma guess it's kind of
scary that Shoji even considered that shit for a moment
don't the Romulans turn you into the monsters they fear
oh come on and join the crew then at the
end we learned that data is just like
the audience he just wants to die when
you leave I would be profoundly grateful
if you terminated my consciousness and
then Picard's brain disease acts up and
kills him at the right exact dramatic
moment and I guess they make a robot
version of him I'm skipping right to the
end from a convenient Gollum Android
body that was ready to be imprinted with
memory engrams
is it poetic irony the Picard ultimately
becomes an Android the race he fought so
hard to overweight that was a Romulans I
did try to save the Romulans before
kiyah
he taped her an end or Romulan to try
and reunite them with the Vulcans but as
far as androids go Picard only really
liked data I find myself in complete
agreement with that assessment of the
situation sir and he didn't know about
these Manson called freaks until the end
but Sinai's an Android but he's still
old but he's like exactly the same
you haven't made me morning and they
made a mortal - we designed a cellular
homeostasis algorithm that should give
you more or less the same number of
years you would have expected without
the brain condition when he's got none
of the advantages that an Android has we
still all look exactly the same age they
make it so they'll get winded going up
three steps, too
they make his fucking knees and back hurt him as well
so goddamn tired our bot is enlarged prostate his
housekeepers jokingly call him p-card
cuz he urinates all night long Agnes
he's a shrink his prostate did you kill
his shingles virus like he killed Bruce
Maddox anyway and zombie Picard is also
programmed to die as well why yes it
doesn't want to be immortal maybe they
could have asked them all these
questions do you want a giant cock
reminded another 10 you are secure your
erectile dysfunction - I'm better knees
want some Botox Barry I remember when
Troy pointlessly mentioned how her son
had a silicon-based brain disease it's a
silicon-based virus it's very rare and
in theory completely curable but only an
Android could have cured I mean you
could have had dr. Tsung uses massive
intelligence to figure out a cure for
Picard's brain disease you know by
combining human therapeutics with
Android ones this new methodology would
have been a wonderful healing tool for
the humans and synths and open a new
chapter in their coexistence then Picard
wouldn't be a zombie Android clone for
season two you know whatever Jesus you
think Troy's comments were at least a
setup for something
fuck this show
pizza's ready
i a hundred percent agree with you
number three the end is the beginning so
now that this sit show is finally done
and we have answers to all the quote
mysteries that were presented we can
finally reverse engineer this trainwreck
so let's jump from the ending back to
the beginning because now we can without
doubt dodging so dear the central point
of this show they her the reason for all
the conflict that make this plot limp
along so basically we start off the show
with this scene by finishing the season
of the show we understand that the shot
vash want one and only crucial piece of
information gotta kill the sense where
is that Sint the homeworld apparently
that's where all the synths are in the
galaxy so then the Brahmans can find in
carpet-bombing but why does this robotic
evil octopus get upset by the existence
of synths made by other races to
applying a variant of the Drake Equation
it would probably result in maybe a
hundred or a thousand other races having
made androids or currently making them
look maybe a million other races the
galaxy is a very big place Ord
carpet-bombing soon Junior's little
planet really stopped this space octopus
ort exactly is the range of a space
octopus like a quadrant or or the galaxy
or the universe
cloud composition mr. Spock 12 power
energy field power thanks Spock thanks
for telling us just how big the vid your
cloud is it helps me to understand the
threat that measures 12th power energy
thank sex pervert
thousands of starships couldn't generate
that oh wait wait wait
Agnes just said that no one makes sense
anymore no one makes sense anymore of
any kind it's a violation of galactic
treaty it's a violation of galactic
treaty it's a violation of galactic
treaty yeah okay so there's a treaty
that applies to the whole galaxy a lack
of treaty sir everyone will abide by
that you know because they're it's
androids went nuts
blew up Mars I'm sure the glorg on
Empire 30,000 light-years away that use
androids to mine their spaceship fuel
will be happy to stop making androids
unacceptable risk you know cuz go after
the treaty it's a violation of black of
treaty just say galactic treaty a lack
of treaty who signed it the lack of
treaty where is it extend to the lack of
treaty
don't think about it a lack of treaty
after treaty don't think about it it's a
galactic treaty the lack of treaty it's
a treaty let's go act it the nature a
lack of treaty applies to the galaxy a
lack of treaty and that's a treaty so
nobody makes sense anymore a lack of
treaty
focus your attention on one plot this
one
don't think about logic I failed
don't worry makes androids anymore
nobody shouldn't the lack of Treaty
nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody
nobody cuz there's a galactic treaty
what if there's like a hospital
somewhere like a planet in the
Federation where they have Android like
doctors kind of like EMHS you know
Federation comes in and we have this
like like giant hospital with like a
million patients in it and and we have
we have 10,000 androids that see to
their care because they have just like
like long-term illness can we still have
our androids now now Galactic treaty
galactic treaty the lack of treaty can't
have androids cuz Mars's atmosphere
exploded okay well I mean all these
patients are gonna die this life a
million patients that are gonna die
galactic treaty but I digress let's not
think too much we only need our brains
for this tear-jerking scene at the end
of the season data says he loves
butterflies keep quiet and stay
subscribed to CBS all that so anyway
they need this one piece of information
from dodge or so gee forget which one is
which now in this scene the ultra secret
Romulan shot Vash use the method that
works the best in the spy business brute
force
while seemingly having an overwhelming
advantage the Beeman to dodge his
apartment kill her boyfriend with a
knife then literally grab her and yell
at her these questions totally confuse
her as it should so their next step is
to quote knock her out
not by stunning her for putting her in a
stasis field or a force field or even
transporting her out of the room but by
putting a bag over her head because you
know androids need to breathe underwater
what it doesn't breathe but I uh I guess
she's a woman Android and they didn't
really put a bag over her head so that
they didn't have to do a face
replacement I'm the stunt person doing
all the fight choreography that's not
why why would you say that romulans even
showed up with the knowledge that she
could quote activate at any moment and
kill them all so they want about this in
the worst way possible and I guess
nobody came looking for where this guy
went huh I remember when the Romulans
kidnapped Geordi LaForge and turned him
into a spy what did they do well they
surprised him
beamed him aboard strapped him to a
chair they even sent a look-alike of him
to his conference Romulans are good at
the spy game and the torture game they
didn't beam on to Geordi shuttlecraft
and biker costumes and beat the shit out of them
and then go back and
meticulously clean up their mess too
could have waited until she was alone
beamed her into a holding cell with a
level-10 force field and very slowly
attempted to get the information from
her now they'll have a private talk but
they chose this method instead Oh
intriguing how mysterious it's just like
a Bourne Identity movie can I just
mention though that her boyfriend really
needs to see a dermatologist Oh later in
the show captain Rios tells us of
another incident with the town
see our jaw wash or whatever and with
the sense that happened years before
this and this was at the direction of
Commodore O, even
the fucking leader of the zhat vash
apparently two synthetics on a tiny spaceship left their magical flower disco planet and met up with Rios
and his Federation starship diamond dude
Medusa so they wouldn't blow up the
image for no reason at all and one of
the androids was named beautiful flower
beautiful flower and the other one
looked like Shoji her and her sister
were like earlier versions of Shoji so
anyway I guess the two synthetics were
being totally diplomatic and everything
was going great until Commodore all told
captain Vandermeer to kill them both and
of course he does it without questioning
anything a few hours later
alonzo abandoned their cousin both in
cold blood but wait
Oh didn't care where they came from
being a super-secret spy she didn't tell
captain Vandermeer to you know Kourt
them diplomatically line him and dynam
maybe ask him casually where they're
from I mean they presented themselves
with an olive branch and didn't seem too
shy I just instantly have them murdered
takes them both out with two good pops
in the face your goal is to find their
home planet find more of them what did
they do it their little spaceship they
came on tiny ship even after you
murdered them Oh Curtis at vandemere
beam over to their little spaceship and
download their flight logs see where
they've been and where they came from
you know information is currency in the
secret spy business right but I guess I
gave Rios's backstory as to why so moody
and dark space Jim Morrison needs to
grow a pair Ryker didn't seem bothered
at all that him and his old captain
killed their entire crew on accident
look at him playing his trombone
laughing hosting card games being a
total slot
I mean, c'mon Rios get over it
the fuck is wrong with you
this also leads to a
bit of information that these two
androids are since or whatever were
created by Bruce Maddox and soon jr. the
son of Noonien Soong we never know he
had presumably these androids were made
on the disco planet right force Maddox
left earth right after the ban no one
was able to find him for 14 years maybe
he went to this planet with the two red
moons and resumed his work creating
synthetic life-forms but an episode 3
when we meet Maddox he says the Tal
Shiar destroyed his lab from the Tal
Shiar came for me he says they used a
molecular solvent to destroy the entire
lab they used some kind of molecular
solvent to destroy the entire facility
literally okay so was this a different
lab than the one in the disco planet
these were Maddux's old quarters yes was
it also a different lab than the one
where him and hak nasaw baking cookies I
assume that was at the daystrom
Institute remember Agnes said that's
where the cents were created that
destroyed Mars the androids that
destroyed Mars came from this lab but if
his lab was destroyed there's no
evidence of that everything looks fine
to me which lab where was that at so
Maddox in addition to working with some
junior on the disco planet when he was
in hiding also had another robotics lab
somewhere else besides de strim but just
the assaut G was created 37 months ago
probable age 37 months which is like
what three years 37 months 36 months so
yeah three years
okay got it stop scanning everything
they're gonna come up 37 months - you
still have all this childhood shit
why does she still have a teddy bear from
when she was four cymatics made her
three years ago on the disco planet with
other children of data because they make
twins from one of datas neurons as agnes
explains his theory was the data's
entire code even his memories could be
reconstituted from a single positronic
neuron cymatics was there he was here
and he was at a lab that was destroyed
by the Tal Shiar there's not flash or
the whatever chases this guy really gets
around how hard would it be to just
follow him around in a cloak ship let
him lead you to the robot planet he's
apparently not that hard to find this
this is so unexpected
Bruce Maddox is on free cloud free cloud
maybe do that instead of orchestrating a
synth band by creating a giant terrorist
attack azad facher terrible spies but
wait there's more after a boyfriend is
killed and after she killed the Romulan
assassins dodge flees her apartment
imagine if she had just called the cops
or whatever authority figures would come
to her aid she'd be like look why didn't
they beam up the bodies whoever's doing
the beaming why didn't they beam up the
bodies check out their biker helmets oh
my god they're Romulans call Starfleet
call an emergency meeting of the
Federation Council Romulans are doing
secret spy shit on earth get their gear
and analyze it get your best tech guy in
here what they made secret subspace
calls to commodore all but instead she
flees like true film noir i mean Star
Trek
I guess she flood cuz the whole incident
really spooked her but she also fled
because she saw a vision of Picard now
why didn't she see a vision of Picard
was it just because the plot needed them
to meet up or is it because her brain
was made from datas positrons and data
loved Picard I never knew what a friend
was until I met Geordi he spoke to me as
though I were human
so life data it can't be activated a
deactivated simply data you were the key
to this entire mystery and you
I think block my every attempt to solve
it why you fighting me he treated me no
differently from anyone else
data is not capable of the emotions
which you're assigning he accepted me
for what I am by my calculations we no
longer have sufficient momentum to clear
the debris field Thank You mr. data and
that I have learned is friendship I call
it code to spot
felis catus is your taxonomic moment
wasn't she also see this though or this
or this or this or this or this or this
or this I guess I'm just not
understanding why she saw a card does
mystery many aspects of this situation
are puzzling to me I guess what she
calls her mother she tells her to go
back to Picard and Dodge is like I never
saw isawful car how'd you know that now
clearly this wasn't a real mother or
even a real person just some kind of
computer program drive that computer
program no estas just talking to herself
did Bruce Maddox hardwire dodges brain
to run to Picard for help if she ever
got activated
if so why Picard
because Picard loves data Maddox met
Picard like 40 years ago and he was his
adversary I don't understand the
connection Oh
it's cuz it had to happen in the TV show
how about if dogs have forgot activated
her brain is hardwired to return to the
home planet for a debriefing
to remember one Noonien Soong put that
hidden program and data and Loris brains
to return to him if he ever activated it
remotely they turned into a super badass
and hijacked the enterprise in like two
minutes
enter code one seven three four six
seven three two one four seven six
Charlie three two seven eight nine seven
seven seven six four three tango seven
three two Victor seven three one one
seven eight eight eight seven three two
four seven six seven eight nine seven
six four three 76 lock computer begins
scan phase a white I should program to
be quote activated at all I guess it's
for self defense in case the Tal Shiar
tries to kill her this new Maddox says
he sent so gene dodge out into the
galaxy to find out the real reason
behind the synth ban same reason I sent
her sister
I'll tell you the real reason it's
because sense went crazy and blew up
Mars but he thinks there's something
more sinister they're hiding something
don't know like maybe something about a
robotic space octopus or he's not quite
sure why would he think there's anything
more to it where's the evidence of that
sorry since dodge to earth and solji to
the Borg cube can't you both cube off
with implanted fake backstories my
question is all these androids all know
that their androids and live on a little
commune so gene dodge appear to be some
of the first androids that look and feel
human you know no gold skin or fake
robot gold eyes like deta had I mean
there's a couple other ones there but
but not a lot so if his goal was to have
them discover the secret reason behind
the ban I essentially blindfold them
with these fake memories why not
implicitly tell them to go out and act
like you're a cybernetic scientist and
use your skills as a secret Android to
find out information cuz mystery box or
I mean since you sent Sol G to the Borg
cube clearly you suspect Romulan
involvement why not make a Romulan
Android and infiltrate the shot Vash to
get information it makes more sense than
making an Android that looks like a
terrible actress I mean a naive young
woman Romulans are into this whole
situation with the space octopus and the
synth band and there's not Vash etc
could all have been handled simply
logically and straightforward but if you
as a writer dip your knife into a jar
filled with pointless mystery slather it
all over smear at all
all over every episode it all becomes
vague and confusing and it looks more
complicated than it really is
this kind of trick will work on the
weak-minded you see it's all in one set
a straight line is the shortest distance
between two points first story goes like
this without any real or logical reason
I mean there's nothing wrong with some
twists and turns as long as they make
sense
why do you need me there's nothing makes
sense then it all boils down to what it
really is terrible misleading an awful
story telling just listen to some of
these lines I came because the same
lightning that got me out of there alive
led me here why these are some real
vague humdingers anything yet for the
secrets secret now might be a good time
to reveal the secret players Romulans
love secrets the only reliable keepers
of Secrets it's a bit redundant you
could put the word secret in front of
almost any aspect of Romulan culture
secret plan e a secret to keep a secret
so profound
everything romulans do a secret secret
Romulans assassins are operating on
earth is hiding something whether they
know I don't know you might be right
do you know how no look
Dodgers sister is in grave danger she
may already be dead you see my friends
there are many plot threads in the
stupid fucking show
most of these threads go nowhere or fall
out when they're pulled on or vanish
once they happen never to be thought of
again and this is when I go back to just
the very first episode but did all 10
episodes we'd be here until the corona
virus pandemic is over so I can't and
won't question every decision every plot
point
every moment every line of dialogue
because we'll all go crazy as the
Machine given up the location of its
fellow abominations one thing though is
very clear this show's producers let's
call them the for embarrassing horse
people of the Apocalypse
Kurtzman Goldsman Bayer and Shaye bond
they created this show with one goal in
mind to make a show that's the worst
show ever it's a story about emotion and
life and what it does to you and how
things don't always turn out the way you
were hoping they will and what do you do
about it once you realize that there's a
lot of emotion we were trying to get it
it's always been about hope and equality
and inclusion and I've heard a lot of
women say oh my god he's like the
sexiest captain that's you know a fact
but also to keep you subscribed to get
the dumbots to this teary-eyed moment
it's a beautiful moment
so really beautifully written scene
about why he wants to die
much like discovery shoveled junk down
your throat to get you to this
teary-eyed moment - it's very easy to
trick stupid emotional people but it's
hard to please a truly intelligent
audience you want to watch an actual
smart show about synths watch West world
cuz this shit's a fucking joke
unmitigated disaster
number four let's wade through this
Jacuzzi filled with diarrhea now I
understand that a lot of you watching
this review may not have actually seen
Star Trek Picard so go through it
quickly very quickly but I don't have
time to explain all the Star Trek stuff
so if you're a little confused I'm sorry
go read a book or something these two
people who love him very dearly are able
to point out to him that in dealing with
Shoji he's never been a father before
and he's really bad at it and he's
treating Shoji like another officer on
his ship and he's no longer the captain
and she doesn't work for him and this
isn't just a very long drought is it
father a girl life the Romulans and
synth BAM okay so the Romulans son is
going to go supernova Romulans have
traditionally been the bad guys so most
of the galaxy said good riddance if the
point has not yet been made clearly
commander let me make it again Romulan
warships do not enter Federation space
unless they are prepared to do battle
but Picard says hey let's help them
slowly does help he takes a bunch of
Romulans to a dusty Wild West planet and
I guess a first wave of evacuations yes
of course
but in three days I have to be in
Central Station to meet the next convoy
because then they later say that they're
building more ships for the evacuation
on Utopia Planitia
so I guess Picard did it once so I guess
the second he needs it again evacuate
sometime
will it continue of course it must
because Picard befriends some Romulan
warrior nuns that we never see again
and also a kid for no reason at all
later when the kid is all grown up he
plunges his sword to pro cards mission
which means he does nothing but murder
people pointlessly dining abandoned spur
card for another hopeless cause which is
to protect few I guess he really likes
hopeless causes hopeless causes means he
gets to murder people with the sword but
wait Picard already had ultra-efficient
assassins that bout to protect him home
I guess they stayed home to keep an eye
on the grapes no one bought the tau CR
could ever protect you against the house
y'all she's not wrong but you have to
stay here with her the grapes are far
more in need of protection than iron and
it's less than a month to the harvest
why wouldn't they
oh, fuck it
but then since attack Mars at the worst possible
time and blow up the shipyards building
ships that are meant for a Romulan
evacuation they hacked the brain of this
robot synth right here and he tells all
the other since to kill everyone and
blow up everything the sole plan was
done by the secret half-vulcan
half-human spy Commodore oh who somehow
is the head of Starfleet security she
burrows into Starfleet Rises through the
ranks and becomes head of security what
they don't vet people in the 24th
century the logical course is that I
transport aboard your ship and begin the
negotiate
what
but spy also after so much time Picard
decides that this is the crusade he must
go on
to save Romulans what the hell was he
doing when Starfleet put the stamp of
approval on slavery now sooner or later
this man or others like him will succeed
in replicating commander data not if we
use synthetic labor all synthetic
life-forms are banned throughout the
Federation effective immediately the
decision you reach here today will
determine how we will regard this
creation of our genus it will reveal the
kind of a people we are what he is
destined to be it will reach far beyond
this courtroom and this one Android it
could significantly redefine the
boundaries of personal liberty and
freedom expanding them for some savagely
curtailing them for others the androids
that destroyed Mars came from this lab
are you prepared to condemn him and all
who come after him to servitude and
slavery not if we use synthetic labor it
was really quite an passion - bought it
before so why did the shot vos choose
this particular point in time for their
Mars attack do they even know what the
hidden scent disco planet yet for that
it had the ability to build a space
laser to let in the evil robot octopus
as the robot octopus really such a
threat that it needs to be let into our
universe via a device that we build for
it would seem that framing since the
mass murder would rock the boat so to
speak maybe even get the attention of
the evil robot space octopus why not
just quietly look for the secret synth
planet it wasn't too hard for our heroes
to find Bruce Maddox I found Maddox he's
literally sitting in a public place this
lady found him too
so unexpected lady that looks like
Deanna Troi
but wait why not just use your super
secret spy agencies to wipe synth sound
why frame synths for murder when you can
just hack into their brains and
literally make them kill themselves why
instead of attacking the Mars Autopia
Phoenicia shipyards they didn't just
attack each other
so the sense via a robot communication
into their brains that they should shoot
each other you know like they dare on
Westworld so during this big horrendous
9/11 style attack created the synth band
wouldn't that just force some synths
into hiding which would make your job
more difficult which is exactly what
happened did the octopus not care about
the mindless slaves since also I mean I
know the rottens are by nature secretive
but given the states why not share this
information about the evil space octopus
with the Federation they're like hey
guys this terrible fucking thing could
happen if we all make a bunch of sense
how about we stop doing that
just look for yourselves okay there's
this electrical ring on this planet and
maybe you could kind of build a device
that touches the laser and Cirque we're
having it by our hands which which makes
you want to claw your fucking eyes out
or shoot yourself in the head
some kind of Starfleet technical genius
could figure out how to download the
information that's in this electrical
ring you know because grabbing it is
really fucking dangerous
wonder how it works
why don't you try and find out I'd like
to know a little bit more about it
before I try it I don't know I could do
anything else in this universe also data
was fairly well known during his heyday
you the Android
even this Romulan knew about him as did
his non-existent Romulan cyberneticist
friends have you never noticed is the
complete absence of any form of
artificial life in Romulan culture I
know a host of Romulan cyberneticist
that would love to be this close to you
we don't have androids array eyes we
don't study cybernetics they think the
shot vas would have been on the case to
blow up data ASAP and murder dr. Noonien
song so he stops making so many data's
and robot wives you know given that
there's not Vash was around for like a
thousand years or whatever we the shot
Vash were born for hundreds of years
since we have worked in shadow to
prevent a second coming and their sole
purpose in life was to squash synthetic
life Dana was floating around for 25
years
also someone warned Harry mod took out
robot ladies you're in trouble also look
out robot guy and watch her back
discovery robot lady well I guess she
died right she got infected by like a
Yvonne nano AI robot
something
and she fucking killed herself or Michael Brown was trying to save her so she didn't
kill herself
well whatever where do we begin on the
world the humans called Mars
why why what the hell are you talking
about
I don't yet fully understand all of it
so the Ramones or the Java or whatever
decide that they should have the since
attack Mars during the evacuation of
their homeworld
you know when their son is about to go
supernova which will do nothing but
disrupt the rescue process graphy why
would the Romulans attack a fleet built
expressly to rescue them I can't answer
that why not attack a different location
where synths are being used as slave
labor the dilithium mine factory making
medical equipment or or on earth in a
restaurant or somewhere else other than
the place that's building ships for your
fucking rescue evacuation also why is it
up to the Federation to build ships
don't the Romulans have shipyards can't
they build ships too we're not totally
helpless you know or pull off the old
Mars attack after every Romulan is
safely accounted for and on other
planets then seemed to me a rush was
there any indication that the robot
space octopuses attack was imminent
I know the lady called the prophecy the
news but was there a specific date I
don't recall one maybe it was in these
vague tarot cards so because of the
attack on Mars Picard can no longer help
the Romulans the second time I failed
you won't which makes them all mad at
Picard because he had nothing to do with
since attacking Mars they did the
Romulans were behind the attack on Mars
I guess he tried but he didn't try hard
enough
he's not strong because he could
literally do nothing and after a while
none of this Romulan relocation shit
matters anymore because the Romulans are
also working on the board reclamation
site so in addition to the stress of
being space refugees and having to
secret organizations trying to stop a
galactic apocalypse the Romulans have
also converted a damaged offline Borg
cube into some kind of research
laboratory or hospital
now this particular Borg cube quote
broke when it tried to assimilate this
lady our shot box laid you touched a
magical electric ring that foretold of
the dangers of having androids I guess
the danger is a rapid collection of
stock footage images and a
sixty-year-old public domain film of a
fox decomposing I saw that when I was in
grade school oh my god it's so scary I'm
surprised they didn't put this in there
or footage from Night of the Living Dead
oh wait they did oh my god how
embarrassing so that's what motivates
the shot Vash the scary images of a
earth exploding that's narrated by Siri
an alliance of synthetic life watching
you
waiting for your signal come you will
have our protection oh my god I got a
claw my eyes out now I'm so fucking
scared couldn't this just be a prank
I'll take it for face value though I'll
yeah I'm just gonna kill myself or call
my eyes out
no I guess only the strongest minds can
handle this imagery it's kind of like
when Sauron was forced to watch a bunch
of disturbing shit when he was younger
which made him want to go into the Nexus
as seen in this cut sequence from Star
Trek generations but as it turns out
this electricity ring wasn't meant for
people at all
it was meant for Androids
was to tell androids what a space
octopus would do to people if those
people that made the androids made them
in the first place all right
it's like androids are great kill all
the organics what a twist so what's the
purpose of this board reclamation
project anyway at first it's a little
confusing at second it's a little
confusing finally a third is totally
pointless and confusing it looks to be a
general philanthropic endeavor in fact a
former Borg and human is in charge is
the director of a Romulan project that's
top-secret I would never have believed
it assimilation could be undone this
scale yes it's not top secret because
it's sort of in cooperation with the
Federation scientific research and maybe
other worlds too we see all kinds of
people working on this thing humans and
Dorian's the Irish what regard is able
to just beam over because he got
diplomatic credentials from this lady so
I guess there definitely is some kind of
Federation involvement but whenever we
see the Borg cube it's always
accompanied by spooky music only only
see hundreds of Romulan ships
so remember when the Federation hated
and mistrusted the Romulans so much that
they didn't want to save their species
the Romulans were our own enemies and we
tried to help them for as long as we
could you think they'd insist on having
a few starships floating around this
Borg project yeah because it's not wise
to leave your mortal enemy all alone
with super sophisticated alien
technology that once belonged to your
other mortal enemy you know just in case
oh my god they're up to no good
who would have thought they're profiting
from extracted Borg time apart from the
current owners and the profits you
extract from the exploitation of Borg
technology and the profits you extract
from a dead race property that's not
yours what sounds like some kind of
prime directive violation why is the
Federation any part of this whoever
thought that the Romulans were up to no
good
maybe I agree with Admiral fuckface and
the evil star fleets decision not to
want to save this awful race I mean
they're doing shady things they killed
19,000 people in an attack to frame
since they're all pretty fucking
ungrateful to Captain Picard for saving
all their lives
I guess this nuns okay aye because
housekeepers are all right I guess
but, shit
admiral fuckface might have a point
these people really are all sneaky and terrible
it's just that growing up in the sect they're taught to always
tell the truth and that's kind of the
difference between him
every other room Yulin I'm learning to
become a racist by watching this show
thanks alex kurtzman so while it would
seem that this Borg cube situation would
be some kind of Romulan plot
story-wise it was really just they're so
American Nerissa could slowly trick
Shoji into telling them where the synth
home planet was but that eventually
seven of nine shows up for no reason
takes over the Borg cube gets really mad
when Marissa kills all the boards and
then the cube was pulled down to the
planet by a giant space flower where it
just sits there then seven of nine sits
around and does nothing but I guess to
have a cliched action catfight with
Nerissa gosh it's 2020 aren't we past
quote girl fights as a society yet Jesus
what is this 1990
bitch
one of the great strengths of Star
Trek is diversity and powerful women it
just comes naturally to this universe
it's all about the optimism that you can
find when you think about humans which
sometimes can be tricky to get to but in
the context of this universe you're just
optimistic that aspirational side of it
has always been amazing just in my head
and get another one I guess she was mad
and Nerissa killed Hugh which is why
they thought she knew that maybe
somebody told her maybe the psycho guy
told her with the swords
I honestly think they forgot to shoot a
scene where she was told that I mean
clearly this line was added later in
post just watch seven of nines mouth
when she begins her line
so I guess her being angry about Hugh
dying gave her motivation for murdering
Nerissa - that seven of nine even know
Hugh that was a different show
I guess she learned a lesson at the end
because she tells Rios that killing
people for revenge is bad
never again kill somebody just because
banks are loading dad in sixth grade
this one one seven of nine kicks Marissa
off a cliff letting her fall to her
death she's killing off another either
former or potential future lover she'll
have to be lesbian with the elderly drug
addict wasn't seven of nine lovers with
Chakotay and other men on Voyager - and
Raffy had a son so I guess being gay
really is a choice just like all those
Christian pastors told me or maybe one
women reach a certain age they just
switched to lesbian
hmm I always thought it was the way you
were born
gosh this show is teaching me so many
things like being gay is a choice and
also the fear and hate people who aren't
like me but wait maybe they're bisexual
or pansexual maybe mostly everyone is
bisexual in the future certainly wisely
was he was in love with Ashley Judd and
this creepy old guy I've waited a long
time for this moment Wesley and
microphone love with the person with no
gender at all commander there are no
he's or she's in the species without
gender looks like a human evolution
thing you know two three hundred years
from now went to genderless creatures
when I turned 50 like seven of nine I'm
gonna fall in love with an elderly black
lady
I'm not 7/9 done with that maybe she's
gonna go bang Rios as long as nobody's
into kids as long as the evolutionary
process doesn't go that way I'm alright
with all of this you got it I mean
things could have gone real bad when
Picard was trapped in that elevator I'm
sorry if this is really
God say know what I'm gonna propose a
challenge to Kurtzman Shay bond buyer
and Goldsman or whoever's working on
season two here we go ready make Picard
gay you're a cutie full of charm
do it, you fucking pussies
do it
i double dog dare you I know he's like an Android
now but he's a human ish Android
everything works like so Jesus was
fucking Eric so I mean it's not like
data even though data was fully functional
but these these new human Androids can fuck
so make Picard gay bring an Ian McKellen and have him and Patrick Stewart be super gay
I have ideas
I could totally think of another use for
a bottle of Chateau Picard don't be
passive progressive like Disney and make
pointless lesser characters gay
no one gives two shits of seven of nine is a
lesbian for these guys this character
fucking good for them
go for the fucking gold
make your main character gay
I dare you
do it
make Captain Picard gay, you fucking cowards
or someone might say
make it so gay engage
per card since and the doomsday scenario
so our last chunk of the show deals with
Picard and the storyline with Shoji
dodge and data and Picard's ultimate
fate to pointlessly become an Android
zombie clone now this felt slapped on
but I don't think it was if you look
closely it's predicted in the opening
credits sequence we see the two data
positrons and they slowly turn into a
DNA strand and then start to form
Picard's eyeball and then finally
construct the cards head he's broken
down dies and is resurrected
he's the real space Jesus
take that, Darth Vader
you fucking fraud anyway so D and Dodge
are twin sisters because they have to
clone since from DNA in pairs we see
lots of twins on the space hippy planet
we meet sutra the sister of jonah was
the sin that rios former captain
murdered i guess this is why she's a bit
pissy and doesn't like people make sense
so Mara docks is planned to send out
dodging Shoji does indeed attract
unwanted attention I warned him that his
plan might draw unwanted attention what
a plan Sutra convinces so G that
organics are bad and that she should
eradicate all life in the universe so
that these scents can live in peace
Shoji eventually agrees and says sure
why not
robot space octopus let's do it and all
plot lines finally converge our heroes
put a bomb in a soccer ball in a bungled
attempt to blow up the tower about to
shoot a blue laser into the sky that
will let in a robotic space octopus
through an interdimensional a saw
earlier Picard persuaded Admiral
potty-mouth fuckface to send a fleet to
the robot planet which eventually she
does and it's led for no reason at all
by Riker who looks like he ate a few too
many pizzas
he doesn't even fret in the captain's
chair he's got a lean on one side
because he's got humble
anyway Lina addresses the wrong Islands
he says he's acting captain William
Wright acting captain Will Riker in
command of the USS Shanghai we have to
say acting captain to her I guess he's
got to be able to farm land by the rules
no cause it's not still officially in
Starfleet or he's on Reserve or
something he's got to be sure to tell
the Romulan fleet that he's acting
captain they don't even know what that
means it sounds like he's he doesn't
know what he's doing he's acting capped
its like I'm an intern captain stand
down Romulan war fleet I'm I'm the
acting captain I'm not even a real one
there that's just shaking and your
Romulan space boots
conversely out of 10 million Romulan
ships
why does Commodore all have to be in
command why does she even answer the
viewscreen general their flagship is
hailing us this totally blows her cover
and she's exposed as a spy general or
Commodore or whatever you're calling
yourself she probably spent decades
working up to the head of Starfleet
security why not let somebody else talk
while she hides in the bathroom you know
just in case does Riker immediately
calls her out on it why not let this guy
talk
anyway Riker Towser he's on the bridge
of the toughest fastest most powerful
ships Starfleet has ever put into
service looks to me he's on the bridge
of a recycled set from Star Trek
discovery but anyways flagship is the
same ship as all the other ships Jesus
Christ how lazy is this show I mean they
made one CGI model and copy pasted it no
this is another nitpick but I don't care
Starfleet is not a bunch of f-18 fighter
jets it's an exploratory Navy
essentially I mean back in the original
series they had nothing but the
Constitution class ships really I mean I
get it they had to build models and
could probably only afford to build one
but even when they're still doing Star
Trek with physical models they
understood the need for different types
and classes of starships Starfleet
wasn't a uniformed war or motto
an attack fleet huge fleet movements
weren't very common because the ships
are spread out all over the galaxy
you know seeking out new life and new
civilizations some ships were science
vessels research ships escorts ships
made for diplomatic missions ships made
to tow other ships it's like a real Navy
which is lying the Dominion War II of a
whole mess of different ships involved
in fleet actions certainly Miranda clash
ships weren't meant for war
I mean clearly but even though Starfleet
ships at offensive and defensive
capabilities they all had to be used in
the war out of necessity I don't know
maybe in 20 years Starfleet changed so
much that it just said let's make a
fleet of nothing but one uniform type of warship
fuck it
my guess is that the
show was cutting costs by using one
model and they thought that the crying
internet bots wouldn't notice I'm sorry
did I say Russian BOTS purchased by CBS
to post fake comments of praise I meant
to say real people keep screwing that up
for some reason so anyway it's come to
this and I'm shocked there wasn't a huge
battle I mean they're kind of was with
the flowers but it wasn't very exciting
done rancor literally says I'm gonna
kick your ass nothing would make me
happier than you giving me an excuse to
kick your treacherous cows er ass I even
know what to say about that
he makes total sense and then Khalid or
all just gives up and leaves now you'd
think considering the dire consequence
aka the total destruction of all life in
the universe and having this exact
moment been the culmination of her
entire life as a secret spy
last our great work is nearly at an end
she might have said fuck it, let's fight
I mean the synth compound was literally
only one house in California
Gerald they appear to be concentrated
once settled they even say it how
possible would it have been for just one
Romulan disruptor beam to slip through
the battle and blow up the whole synth
house
the house has been obliterated but I
guess she leaves maybe it's just a saber
own house what a dedicated super secret
organization so at the end of this
confrontation Picard says I've got it
from here and then instantly the
Federation ships all leave all of them
shouldn't they have like waited an hour
to what's to stop the Romulan fleet from
instantly returning when they see all
the Federation ships are gone to work
right back there drop a bomb in the
house the house has been obliterated I
couldn't bring myself to do it before
but I think I'm gonna have to finally
talk about it
the sex-toy now here's where things
really got lazy or weird or terrible I'm
not sure I wish I could say that this
thing was set up way earlier in the
series or they spent an entire episode
about where they got this magical
MacGuffin or who made it
well they fought hard to get it steal it
trade for it but now it's slapped in
earlier in literally the same episode so
Raffi gets this thing from an Android to
help fix the ship the Android tells her
to use her imagination
so weird I guess that this is some kind
of weird alien magical device that's
beyond our understanding and that we
could use our mind's eye to magically
fix things or do anything Ringo puts the
device on his hand and turns the
vibrator on and says fix my ship then I
guess instead of putting it back into a
safe place he randomly leaves it on the
control station for anyone to find later
where you know Agnes finds it
conveniently right out her bro card says
the only way to stall the Romulans is to
make their ship look like they have a
hundred ships to that Agnes says only we
have some
wacky fundamental field replicator with
a Naropa Tomic interface sour big
shit-eating grin is to imply that
somehow she knows what this device is
how to use it okay that's weird for a
lady who's never been to space before
space turns out to be super boring to go
figure
what were you expecting but I guess
she's heard of this and knows how to use
it well Who am I to argue that this
Harry Potter sex toy is in pretty common
knowledge so now that the Romulans have
killed all the space flowers this
diversion by Agnes in the sex toy hold
off the Romulan fleet from attacking for
exactly one minute and 19 seconds until
Starfleet finally shows up now Commodore
o told all 200-plus warbirds to target
the abominations nest with planets
sterilization pattern 5 ready planetary
sterilization pattern number 5 okay
so like even though the Romulan weapons
were firing all willy-nilly like just a
minute ago when she calls for planets
sterilization pattern 5 it takes all
this time to charge everything up I mean
come on you're just blowing up a
moderately sized house in Southern
California
the house has been obliterated do you
really need sterilization pattern 5 I
think a number 3 would do just fine or
even a 2 for Christ's sake or how about
she just yells ignore all opposition all
warbirds fire it well on the planet we
must blow up the synth compound at all
costs
what's with all this pointless doomsday
weapon buildup shit
sterilize the entire planet
the house has been obliterated oh I know
cuz it's terrible writing and you even
credit these people as writers hubbub
are firs slappers or poopers I don't
even know anymore I'm so embarrassed for
everyone involved in this trainwreck at
least train wrecks have a purpose at
least some people found this show's
ending emotional that's all they talk
about the cheap emotional scene with
data Oh can I say people I meant BOTS
kind of ironic isn't the show's biggest
fans are robots impersonating people uh
listen I mean just for what it's worth
as somebody who's in the audience who is
invested in it
I'm loving it that's great
number five questions so I tried to
cover the show as best as I could
without making this video 500 hours long
this show leaves you with so many more
questions than answers but it doesn't
matter it moves along at warp speed with
pieces of it falling off along the way
as long as you could make it to the end
to watch the tear-jerking scene of data
asking Picard to kill him you'll be okay
you'll cry you'll have so many emotions
not me I got questions edit Johnny how
do you kill an Android by simply
stabbing it in the eye remember this or
this or this data hearted Picard ask her
about her necklace that's an unusual
necklace because she was futzing with it
how convenient for the plot why does
narak ask her about her necklace that's
nice
your necklace because she keeps putzing
with it how convenient for the plot how
exactly does an Android perform a
mind-meld suture has always had a
passion bulkan culture oh okay okay okay
sutures really into Vulcan stuff she got
a lot of books that make sense then okay
she learn from a book how to do a mind
meld hey that's no fair that's different
soul-g says she knows about the Shane
odd you were onboard ship shape with 25
other passengers the Romulan ship that
was assimilated by the Borg to ship that
broke two cubed because it assimilated
the knowledge of the admonition how does
Sergey know about that she wasn't part
Borg I would have said that I've never
even heard of the Shane or or that
Rhonda was on it did Maddox somehow know
the slightly classified information and
put it into her brain
this little thing was never answered
forget about it if Maddox was trying to
hide why did he implant fake memories
into Shoji that gave away his real
location you know where he died 37
months ago why didn't he give her fake
memories you know maybe growing up in
Chicago 1060 West Addison you know how
to mislead people what happened to
Merrick last we saw him was during the
soccer ball attack did they leave him
with the androids to get murdered did he
get beamed aboard a Romulan ship Castle
after wait for season 2 or what was so
geez mother if data were to make a
painting entitled daughter
why wouldn't he paint long and not some
random face from his imagination after
they including song and the synths
leader discovered that Sutra really is
the one that killed the other synth and
not narak
you reasoned correctly that your fellow
synthetics needed persuading an
emotional jolt drive them to the
decision you wanted them to make why
don't they all just tell the other
androids that she betrayed them and
instead they'll jump out and go forward
with their soccer ball plan which
includes kicking and punching physically
superior androids in the face and from
what I recall that doesn't work so well
why is the location of ten forward and
Picard stream not where ten forward is
down forward is located on deck 10
forward worked the exact front of the
ship did they not know that's why they
call it ten forward Oh Who am I kidding
of course they didn't when dodge
exploded Picard got thrown back and
possibly concussed he's a hundred and
fifty years old why was he not taken to
a hospital why does this guy sound like
he's about to take these people on a
Disneyland tour kind of Romulan say good
morning please keep your hands inside
the card at all times
if Romulans have shown that they could
beam into a room and surprise people
instantly to kill or attack them then
why did the Romulans come into Picard's
house one at a time through the door I
guess they're gonna tell me that
Picard's house has some kind of shield
over it shields up
remember to scans to max and why didn't
his dog bark at them you were dangerous
then number one would let me know
sticker put four cards brain into an
Android brain and why did they have to
store data on to disco flash drives in
fact how were they able to preserve
data's consciousness his theory was the
data isn't
our code even as memories could be
reconstituted from a single positronic
neuron what an essence open essence yes be alive
how the fuck does this shit work
shouldn't they have a coming and
going area you know like the subway what
happens if you walk into the thingy at
the same time someone is coming out do
you get too vexed I mean okay it's kind
of neat that transporters have evolved
into this quicker method of travel but
the production design on this is way too
illogical and nonsensical when the Borg
slot into space some of nine was so
upset doesn't she know that parks can
survive in space
hey that security camera footage looks
an awful lot like the actual clip from
the show Oh
lazy and embarrassing I mean what they
could let's move on nothing to see here
Picard is different now and Star Trek is
different now now I'll acknowledge a few
things that I didn't put into this
review I tried to just discuss this show
on its merits alone to writing and the
story terrible choices they made the
style etc the the story you told this
season how you view it as a as a mirror
or a lens to look at what's happening in
the world right now disgusting thing I
did not want to get into the whole
backstory the drama the alleged
disastrous production what I do know is
that they asked Patrick Stewart and
showed him an idea and he said pass we
have had Micheal Chabon here we have
talked with Akiva Goldsman and they both
tell charming stories about what a hard
pitch it was to convince you to
put jean-luc back on then I came back in
the second time and said tell us what
you want to do was there anything coming
to this project that you were like I
don't want to do this as Picard or there
that I don't want to see this in his
story he was like okay no Star Trek
Enterprise I'm not the captain none of
that annoying Star Trek talk I did
strongly make the point that I did not
want to be in a uniform at all making
nothing like Star Trek at all let's make
it about brexit because that's the most
important thing in the world right the
wrong side of brixon it's happened and
it's going to be horrendous so everyone
this will sound pompous but I you know
way I think the world needs Star Trek
right now no one will be talking about
anything else in 2020 right how about
you make me space Jesus that saves the
universe I love myself and of course you
can't have Star Trek Picard without
Picard so everybody said sure I'll kiss
this filthy old ass and he's the most
generous the most giving the most
grounded I mean he elevates all of us
it's just a gift it is I only watch Star
Wars I never watched Star Trek so I'm
kind do you watch next generation before
you went into Voyager so my future
advice that no one will listen to is
this when they launch Star Trek The Next
Generation it was from the mind of one
man cast actors to fill roles and
writers to write the scripts don't let
the actors run the show or tell the
creatives what to do I understand you
are an executive producer on the show it
had one huge advantage which was the
right to vote it's the best place to be
well I had never been there before I
knew what happened in it I saw the end
result
actors are generally on creative people
for the most part I mean there's some
exceptions if they have the clout
they'll make a show about how there are
tortured space Jesus who is selfless and
worshipped for saving the galaxy
you see actors become actors because
they love themselves and they love to
hear themselves talk they love attention
they think they're important and they
want the world to know how talented and
amazing they are oh god I guess you
better not make Star Trek Kirk canceled
due to coronavirus number six to conclude
I can't watch this shit anymore
so I'm just so sad that this is
the legacy of Star Trek The Next
Generation one of the best shows ever
made in my opinion all the wrong people
were put in charge of new Star Trek they
all seemed so disconnected smug and
generally stupid it's the story of
Picard it is the title I DS his
character journey that is the actual
journey of our show and we get to take
the time to do it which is not to say
well without plot or many things blowing
off now and then
I get this feeling that they have
disdain for the older Star Trek audience
and wanna shake things up
it literally sickens me I mean dear
space and I wanted to shake things up so
to speak but they did it in an
intelligent way telling smart
science-fiction stories of morality
lessons would one of you mind telling us
what's going on this settlement was
founded by the crew of a Starfleet
vessel that crashed on this planet two
centuries ago I realize this is going to
be hard for you to accept but that ship
was the Defiant two days from now when
you leave here you will be thrown back
in time 200 years you'll be stranded
here and become the founders of the
settlement we are your descendants
praying over your own grave it's gotta
be a new one you can't argue that any of
this trash is smart
it's literally junk it's a dumpster fire
aside from Star Trek being for the most
part episodic stories it was also a show
that showed the best side of Humanity in
the future sure there was some violence
and some horrible things happen there
are some bad people on the good guys
side Admiral I'm hereby charging you
with violation of the Treaty of Alderaan
as captain of the enterprise I'm placing
you under arrest mr. Wolfe and not
everyone is perfect but our heroes were
what could always count on them
Kirk Picard Sisko Janeway Archer they
were role models because they always
strive to make the best decision
possible or do the right thing when it
wasn't always the easiest choice there
are role models because we'd look to
them to make a moral decision well less
secure in our moral certitude to lead a
team of people out of a sticky situation
to solve a problem or debate a moral
quandary with Star Trek Picard there's
literally nothing to get out of it it's
kind of a muddled mess of what the
message is feels like more of a random
role-playing adventure game where
everybody shoots at each other drinks
booze and is angry the world of Star
Trek was always a world you used to want
to live in people made their own Star
Trek bridges dressed up in the uniforms
created 3d computer renderings of the
inside of the enterprise transformed
their homes into Star Trek homes for
cars in the shuttle crafts there's even
the Star Trek original series set tour
that faithfully recreates the old
enterprise I can't imagine anyone ever
wanting to live in this dreary dark and
nihilistic world fundamentally maybe
characters on a starship discussing
how to get out of a space problem
doesn't make for the most dramatic or
contemporary television but I assure you
there's a lot of people out there that
still want that can't possibly be enough
matza I mean people on Star Trek fans
that really enjoy this shit to make it sustainable
I propose a second challenge to CBS
first challenges make Picard gay
second challenge is, show us your numbers
I want to know how many individual users watch this trash show
or how quickly the audience dropped off after a few episodes
lastly, my analogy for new Star Trek is this
the father of a household spent decades down in the basement meticulously building a train
set he spent time hand-painting the
little figures putting together each
model by hand placing each miniature
fake tree roadsign water tower an
individual piece of grass until he had
his creation then his twelve-year-old
son and his friends came downstairs and
trashed it while he's away or in the
case of Star Trek Picard grown adults
with the intellects of children they put
fireworks on the tracks ripped the trees
out through the trains on the floor and
then shit on everything and spilled beer
all over it maybe they even took a can
of red spray paint and painted an
anarchy sign on the table too this is
what the four horse people of the
Apocalypse have done to Star Trek I'm
sure I'm probably being overly dramatic
and I'm certainly not trying to be a
gatekeeper more of a key master go back
and watch the original series TNG Deep
Space nine Voyager and even Enterprise
sure some of the episodes won't be that
great but that's okay watch them all but
watch them on blu-ray or DVD CBS all
access doesn't need more allowance money
to buy fireworks and pot and beer for
its teenagers making their TV show cut
them off
watch something else now everyone I'm
gonna leave you on a less depressing
note I'll let these guys and gals do
their thing hit it Johnny
second star to the right
and straight on till morning
said of course
at home
I'm reading an ion storm on that
trajectory sir shouldn't go around it I
can't be afraid of the wind ensign
take us to warp 4 it is the unknown that
defines our existence we are constantly
searching not just for answers to our
questions but for new questions we are
explorers we explore our lives day by
day and we explore the galaxy trying to
expand the boundaries of our knowledge
and that is why I am here not to conquer
you with weapons or with ideas but to
coexist and learn
and she was out there
and game
but a phaser to my hand
as we put the face from his mouth
he'll will come again
